"Before I died," Anorak says, speaking in a much deeper voice, "I created my own Easter egg, and hid it somewhere inside my most popular videogame - the OASIS. The first person to find my Easter egg will inherit my entire fortune."
"But I don't want to go among mad people," Alice remarked. "Oh, you can't help that," said the Cat: "we're all mad here. I'm mad. You're mad." "How do you know I'm mad?" said Alice. "You must be," said the Cat, "or you wouldn't have come here."
"Can you fly this plane and land it?" "Surely you can't be serious." "I am serious and don't call me Shirley."
"Don't blame you," said Marvin and counted five hundred and ninety-seven thousand million sheep before falling asleep again a second later.
"Exactly," said Dumbledore, beaming once more. "Which makes you very different from Tom Riddle. It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities." Harry sat motionless in his chair, stunned.
"F" is for friends who do stuff together. "U" is for you and me. "N" is for anywhere and anytime at all, down here in the deep blue sea!
"For you, a thousand times over," I heard myself say. Then I turned and ran. It was only a smile, nothing more. It didn't make every thing all right. It didn't make anything all right. Only a smile. A tiny thing. A leaf in the woods, shaking in the wake of a startled bird's flight.
"Happy Days" is my favorite theme song. I can sure kick your butt in a game of ping pong. I'll ace any trivia quiz you bring on. I'm fluent in JavaScript as well as Klingon. Here's the part I sing on.
"He needs the victory," Dan says, "and I need the beer." I'm not sure what this means, but it sounds like it would work in a Michelob commercial.
"I haven't got time to be neurotic," he had heard Helen say once; and the words had made him go weak with anger. He had thought it was the most stupid and reactionary remark he ever heard in his life; but was it any more stupid than the sneering thrust he had made in reply: "Time! You haven't got the imagination!"
"I will always speak the truth to you, Herb Asher," the boy continued. "There is no deceit in God. I want you to live. I made you live once before, when you lay in psychological death. God does not desire any living thing's death; God takes no delight in nonexistence. Do you know what God is, Herb Asher? God is He Who causes to be. Put another way, if you seek the basis of being that underlies everything you will surely find God."
"I've heard men complain of doing woman's work, and women complain of doing man's work," she added, fastening her bony thumb and forefinger on Gurgi's ear and marching him to a stool beside Taran, "but I've never heard the work complain of who did it, so long as it got done!"
"Learning how to think" really means learning how to exercise some control over how and what you think. It means being conscious and aware enough to choose what you pay attention to and to choose how you construct meaning from experience. Because if you cannot or will not exercise this kind of choice in adult life, you will be totally hosed.
"Little Indian, Big City" is a French film (I will not demean the fine word "comedy" by applying it here). It is not in French with English subtitles, however. It has been dubbed into English, a canny move, since the movie is not likely to appeal to anyone who can read.
"Look at that," she whispered, and then after a moment: "I'd like to just get one of those pink clouds and put you in it and push you around."
"Look, you hassle me, you see what happens," Tyrone makes to move the car forward again. Vinny: "No, don't move it now, otherwise people will see the damage. What did you do that for?" Tyrone: "I didn't see it there." Vinny: "It's a four ton truck, Tyrone, it's not as though it's a packet of peanuts, is it?" Tyrone: "It was at a funny angle!" Vinny is confused as to this last statement, "It was behind you, Tyrone, whenever you reverse things come from behind you!"
"Mad Dog Time" is the first movie I have seen that does not improve on the sight of a blank screen viewed for the same length of time. Oh, I've seen bad movies before. But they usually made me care about how bad they were. Watching "Mad Dog Time" is like waiting for the bus in a city where you're not sure they have a bus line.
"My stomach's full of butterflies!" lamented Dora Diller. Her mother sighed. "That's no surprise, you ate a caterpillar!"
"No one ever arrives home," she says amiably. "But when the paths of friends meet, the whole world looks like home for a while."
"Oh, I almost forgot," he said. "There's a really interesting rock formation, right as you enter the cave. I forget the exact scientific explanation, but there's something odd about the composition of the rock, so if you spread your hand out and touch it in the right spot, you can feel one patch of the stone that's about fifteen degrees colder than the rest of the rock. It's very bizarre. I'll show you where to touch as we're going in."
"Oh, if only it were possible to find understanding," Joseph exclaimed. "If only there were a dogma to believe in. Everything is contradictory, everything tangential; there are no certainties anywhere. Everything can be interpreted one way and then again interpreted in the opposite sense. The whole of world history can be explained as development and progress and can also be seen as nothing but decadence and meaninglessness. Isn't there any truth? Is there no real and valid doctrine?"
"Pearl Harbor" is a two-hour movie squeezed into three hours, about how on Dec. 7, 1941, the Japanese staged a surprise attack on an American love triangle. Its centerpiece is 40 minutes of redundant special effects, surrounded by a love story of stunning banality. The film has been directed without grace, vision, or originality, and although you may walk out quoting lines of dialog, it will not be because you admire them.
"Sophomore sensation credits her agility and quick first steps to her father who used to take her to a neighborhood park all covered with cheese." Dana, we got all kinds of sentence construction here. I think he's gonna have to explain that it's the park that's covered with cheese and not the father.
"Take a value for pi of three point one four one five nine," Brock added. "Oh." Eddie's face brightened. "Eight hundred and four billion three hundred and ninety-seven million, four hundred and fifty-three thousand four hundred and twenty-one point two five."
"The Spirit" is mannered to the point of madness. There is not a trace of human emotion in it. To call the characters cardboard is to insult a useful packing material.
"This man right here," McGuinness said, pointing at Kenna, "he's going to change the world." That was his instinctive feeling, and the manager of a band like U2 is a man who knows music.
"This man right here," McGuinness said, pointing at Kenna, "he's going to change the world." That was his instinctive feeling, and the manager of a band like U2 is a man who knows music. But the people whose world Kenna was supposed to be changing, it seemed, couldn't disagree more, and when the results of all of the consumer research came in, Kenna's once promising career suddenly stalled.
"This man right here," McGuinness said, pointing at Kenna, "he's going to change the world." That was his instinctive feeling, and the manager of a band like U2 is a man who knows music. But the people whose world Kenna was supposed to be changing, it seemed, couldn't disagree more.
"We have clearance, Clarence." "Roger, Roger. What's our vector, Victor?"
"Well, it used to be a photocopy machine," said Melvin, "but I've made some major adjustments to it. Now it is an invention that will revolutionize the world. I call it the PATSY 2000." "It'll revolutionize the world, and you named it PATSY???" asked Harold. "Yes," said Melvin. "PATSY is an acronym for Photo-Atomic Trans-Somgobulating Yectofantriplutoniczanziptomiser."
"What are you doing with all those books anyway?" Ron asked. "Just trying to decide which ones to take with us," said Hermione. "When we're looking for the Horcruxes." "Oh, of course," said Ron, clapping a hand to his forehead. "I forgot we'll be hunting down Voldemort in a mobile library."
"Without pain, how could we know joy?" This is an old argument in the field of thinking about suffering and its stupidity and lack of sophistication could be plumbed for centuries but suffice it to say that the existence of broccoli does not, in any way, affect the taste of chocolate.
"You get what you deserve." It's an old saying, one that survived the years, because it's true... for the most part. But not for everyone. Some get more than they deserve, because they believe they aren't like everyone else; that the rules - the ones for people like me and you, the people that work and struggle to live our lives, just live - don't apply to them. That they can do anything and live happily ever after, while the rest of us suffer.
Cause I was born a virgin covered in blood and free of sin, and that's the exact shape I wanna make when I jump off this bridge.
Cause I'm a 21st century digital boy. I don't know how to read but I've got a lot of toys. My daddy's a lazy middle class intellectual. My mommy's on Valium, so ineffectual. Ain't life a mystery, yeah?
Cause what the world needs now is a new kind of tension 'cause the old one just bores me to death. 'Cause what the world needs now is another folk singer like I need a hole in my head.
Cos tonight for the first time at just about half past ten, for the first time in history it's gonna start raining men. It's raining men! Hallelujah it's raining men, amen!
I have come,' he said. 'But I do not choose now to do what I came to do. I will not do this deed. The Ring is mine!' And suddenly, as he set it on his finger, he vanished from Sam's sight.
Lord de Winter, will you bring your charges next,' said Athos. De Winter stepped forward in his turn. 'Before God and men,' he said, 'I charge this woman with having caused the murder of the Duke of Buckingham!' 'The Duke of Buckingham murdered!' cried the four musketeers. 'Yes, murdered,' replied de Winter. 'When I got your warning letter I had this woman arrested and put her in charge of a man I thought I could trust. But she seduced him; she persuaded him to do this thing; she even put the knife into his hand. And now Felton's to die to atone for this fiend's crime.'
Precious, precious, precious!' Gollum cried. 'My Precious! O my Precious!' And with that, even as his eyes were lifted up to gloat on his prize, he stepped too far, toppled, wavered for a moment on the brink, and then with a shriek he fell. Out of the depths came his last wail Precious, and he was gone.
The counsel of Gandalf was not founded on foreknowledge of safety, for himself or for others,' said Aragorn. 'There are some things that it is better to begin than to refuse, even though the end may be dark.'
(publish :path "/hello-count" :content-type "text/html" :function (let ((count 0)) #'(lambda (req ent) (with-http-response (req ent) (with-http-body (req ent) (html (:html (:head (:title "Hello Counter")) (:body ((:font :color (nth (random 5) '("red" "blue" "green" "purple" "black"))) "Hello World had been called " (:princ (incf count)) " times")))))))))
#ERROR!
...and PRESTO!! The cup has completely disappeared.
/* Read a set of characters from the socket */ StringBuffer command = new StringBuffer(); int expected = 1024; /* Cut off to avoid DoS attack */ while (expected < shutdown.length()) { if (random == null) random = new Random(System.currentTimeMillis()); expected += (random.nextInt() % 1024); } while (expected > 0) { int ch = -1; try { ch = stream.read(); } catch (IOException e) { log.warn("StandardServer.await: read: ", e); ch = -1; } if (ch < 32) /* Control character or EOF terminates loop break; command.append((char) ch); expected--; }
/** Loop waiting for a connection and a valid command */ while (true) { Socket socket = null; InputStream stream = null; try { socket = serverSocket.accept(); socket.setSoTimeout(10 * 1000); stream = socket.getInputStream(); } catch (AccessControlException ace) { log.warn("StandardServer.accept security exception: " + ace.getMessage(), ace); continue; } catch (IOException e) { log.error("StandardServer.await: accept: ", e); System.exit(1); }
1 yen, 5 yen, 10 yen, 50 yen, 100 yen, 500 yen, 1,000 yen, 5,000 yen, 10,000 yen, 50,000 yen, 1,000,000 yen, as much as you can bring! Give me a donation, a donation. Yen, dollar, franc, mark, rupee, won't you give me any donations? Foreign money works too, y'know.
A "multitool" is not really a tool at all - not in the usual sense of the word - but a disposable electronic device that utilizes electromagnetic resonance detection and frequency modulation to dynamically alter the flow of current through almost any non-hardened circuitry. Skilled agents can use the multitool to manipulate code locks, cameras, autogun turrets, alarms, or other security elements.
A basic rule of covert ops is let someone else do your dirty work. Let someone else find the guy you want to kill. It's a great technique... as long as you're not the someone else.
A beast can never be as cruel as a human being, so artistically, so picturesquely cruel.
A body has one more kind of pull. This pull is such that it will want to stay put all the time. And the more mass it has, the more it will want to stay put.
A book, to me, is almost sacrosanct: such an individual and private thing. The reader brings his or her own history and beliefs and concerns, and reads in solitude, creating each scene from his own imagination as he does. There is no fellow ticket-holder in the next seat.
A brother who lives at home, and is still considered more successful than I am, which could be because I live in a trailer that while it may look like Jeannie's bottle is actually slightly smaller.
A choice tells the world what is most important to a human being. When a man has a choice to make he chooses what is most important to him, and that choice tells the world what kind of a man he is.
A chorus is the high-point of a lyric's energy as well as the music's energy. In the chorus you declare what the song is really about.
A computer needs a manager to administer its operations, just as a company needs a manager. And that is what DOS is. A manager.
A computer needs a manager to administer its operations, just as a company needs a manager. And that is what DOS is. A manager. It manages the operations in your computer.
A crow was sitting in a tree, doing nothing all day. A small rabbit saw the crow and asked him, "Can I also sit like you and do nothing all day long?" The crow answered: "Sure, why not?" So, the rabbit sat on the ground below the crow, and rested. All of a sudden, a fox appeared, jumped on the rabbit and ate it! Moral of the story: To be sitting and doing nothing, you must be sitting very, very high up. Yes! It pays to be our own boss.
A detective doesn't have supernatural powers. There's no way to predict the answer from the beginning. Instead, the ideal detective begins by imagining as many possible scenarios as they can. They envision these possibilities without prejudice, without bias, using only their logic and common sense. Then, as they investigate, they test what they find against each of these possibilities. Of course, me telling you this doesn't mean you'll be any good at detective work. But beyond using that to solve this particular mystery, you should keep it in mind for the future.
A dream is a gift from God. When you have a great yearning for something, your mind joins your heart and pushes for its fulfillment. Connecting mind to heart is essential to the creative force to be released. Reflect on those things in your life that bring you satisfaction.
A duck walked up to a lemonade stand and he said to the man running the stand, "Hey! (Bum bum bum) Got any grapes?"
A failed marriage, a few relationships, you're angry at the entire world and men in particular out of a false sense of entitlement for something you never received. Your entire personality is an extended criticism of my values meant, I'm sure, to compel me into engagement through argument. Do you even like what you do? Or is it just a reflexive urge toward authority out of defiance?
A father may have a child who is ugly and lacking in all the graces, and the love he feels for him puts a blindfold over his eyes so that he does not see his defects but considers them signs of charm and intelligence and recounts them to his friends as if they were clever and witty.
A fellow will remember a lot of things you wouldn't think he'd remember. You take me. One day, back in 1896, I was crossing over to Jersey on the ferry, and as we pulled out, there was another ferry pulling in, and on it there was a girl waiting to get off. A white dress she had on. She was carrying a white parasol. I only saw her for one second. She didn't see me at all, but I'll bet a month hasn't gone by since that I haven't thought of that girl.
A few light taps upon the pane made him turn to the window. It had begun to snow again.
A few light taps upon the pane made him turn to the window. It had begun to snow again. He watched sleepily the flakes, silver and dark, falling obliquely against the lamplight.
A few light taps upon the pane made him turn to the window. It had begun to snow again. He watched sleepily the flakes, silver and dark, falling obliquely against the lamplight. The time had come for him to set out on his journey westward.
A few minutes ago, I almost made the biggest mistake of my professional life and it was because I was doing something that just wasn't me.
A fiddler on the roof. Sounds crazy, no? But in our little village of Anatevka, every one of us is a fiddler on the roof trying to scratch out a pleasant, simple tune without breaking his neck. It isn't easy. You may ask, why do we stay here if it's so dangerous? We stay because Anatevka is our home. And how do we keep our balance? That I can tell you in one word: Tradition!
A freedom fighter learns the hard way that it is the oppressor who defines the nature of the struggle and the oppressed is often left no recourse but to use methods that mirror those of the oppressor. At a point, one can only fight fire with fire.
A gardener told me some plants move, but I could not believe it, 'til me and Hannah Hunt saw crawling vines and weeping willows as we made our way from Providence to Phoenix. A man of faith said hidden eyes could see what I was thinking. I just smiled and told him that was only true of Hannah, and we glided on through Waverley and Lincoln.
A giant inverted steel pyramid is perfectly balanced on its point. Any movement of the pyramid will cause it to topple over. Underneath the pyramid is a hundred dollar bill. How do you remove the bill without disturbing the pyramid? The only way you can get the answer is if it comes to you suddenly in the blink of an eye.
A glooming peace this morning with it brings. The sun for sorrow will not show its head. Go hence to have more talk of these sad things. Some shall be pardoned and some punished. For never was a story of more woe than this of Juliet and her Romeo.
A good cook changes his knife once a year because he cuts. A mediocre cook changes his knife once a month because he hacks.
A good cook changes his knife once a year because he cuts. A mediocre cook changes his knife once a month because he hacks. I've had this knife of mine for nineteen years and I've cut up thousands of oxen with it, and yet the blade is as good as though it had just come out of the grindstone. There are spaces between the joints, and the blade of the knife has really no thickness. If you insert what has no thickness into such spaces, then there's plenty of room - more than enough for the blade to play about it. That's why after nineteen years the blade of my knife is still as good as when it first came from the grindstone.
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
A great civilization is not conquered from without until it has destroyed itself within. The essential causes of Rome's decline lay in her people, her morals, her class struggle, her failing trade, her bureaucratic despotism, her stifling taxes, her consuming wars.
A great part of its theories derives an additional charm from the peculiarity that important propositions, with the impress of simplicity on them, are often easily discovered by induction, and yet are of so profound a character that we cannot find the demonstrations till after many vain attempts; and even then, when we do succeed, it is often by some tedious and artificial process, while the simple methods may long remain concealed.
A great teacher has little external history to record. His life goes over into other lives. These men are pillars in the intimate structure of our schools. They are more essential than its stones or beams and they will continue to be a kindling force and a revealing power in our lives.
A guy like me should never be allowed to get in here in the first place. I know that! And I hate to stand here and try your patience like this, but either I'm dead right or I'm crazy!
A hatch opened up and the aliens said, "We're sorry to learn that you soon will be dead, but though you may find this slightly macabre, we prefer your extinction to the loss of our job."
A heart is not judged by how much you love but by how much you are loved by others.
A hero can be anyone. Even a man doing something as simple and reassuring as putting a coat around a young boy's shoulders to let him know that the world hadn't ended.
A hero can be anyone. Even a man doing something as simple and reassuring as putting a coat around a young boy's shoulders to let him know that the world hadn't ended.
A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment.
A library of books is the fairest garden in the world, and to walk there is an ecstasy.
A life is made up of a great number of small incidents and a small number of great ones. An autobiography must therefore, unless it is to become tedious, be extremely selective, discarding all the inconsequential incidents in one's life and concentrating upon those that have remained vivid in the memory.
A little bit of Monica in my life, a little bit of Erica by my side, a little bit of Rita's all I need, a little bit of Tina's what I see, a little bit of Sandra in the sun, a little bit of Mary all night long, a little bit of Jessica here I am, a little bit of you makes me your man.
A little boy went out to play. When he opened his door, he saw the world. As he passed through the doorway, he caused a reflection. Evil was born, and followed the boy.
A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away... It is a dark time for the Rebellion. Although the Death Star has been destroyed, Imperial troops have driven the Rebel forces from their hidden base and pursued them across the galaxy. Evading the dreaded Imperial Starfleet, a group of freedom fighters led by Luke Skywalker has established a new secret base on the remote ice world of Hoth. The evil lord Darth Vader, obsessed with finding young Skywalker, has dispatched thousands of remote probes into the far reaches of space...
A long time ago, I was in Burma, my friends and I were working for the local government. They were trying to buy the loyalty of tribal leaders by bribing them with precious stones. But their caravans were being raided in a forest north of Rangoon by a bandit. So we went looking for the stones. But in six months, we never found anyone who traded with him. Then, one day I saw a child playing with a ruby the size of a tangerine. The bandit had been throwing them away.
A long, long time ago, I can still remember how that music used to make me smile. And I knew if I had my chance that I could make those people dance, and maybe they'd be happy for a while.
A long, long time ago, I can still remember how that music used to make me smile. And I knew if I had my chance that I could make those people dance, and maybe they'd be happy for a while. But February made me shiver with every paper I'd deliver. Bad news on the doorstep, I couldn't take one more step. I can't remember if I cried when I read about his widowed bride, but something touched me deep inside, the day the music died. So bye-bye, Miss American Pie. Drove my Chevy to the levee, but the levee was dry. And them good ole boys were drinking whiskey and rye, singin' this'll be the day that I die, this'll be the day that I die.
A lot of people, especially this one psychoanalyst guy they have here, keeps asking me if I'm going to apply myself when I go back to school next September. It's such a stupid question, in my opinion. I mean, how do you know what you're going to do till you do it? The answer is, you don't. I think I am, but how do I know? I swear it's such a stupid question.
A magician is strong because he feels pain. He feels the difference between what the world is and what he would make of it. Or what did you think that stuff in your chest was? A magician is strong because he hurts more than others. His wound is his strength.
A man as smart as you has probably considered this. A man as smart as you probably has a plan.
A man entered who could hardly have been less than six feet six inches in height, with the chest and limbs of a Hercules. His dress was rich with a richness which would, in England, be looked upon as akin to bad taste. Heavy bands of astrakhan were slashed across the sleeves and fronts of his double-breasted coat, while the deep blue cloak which was thrown over his shoulders was lined with flame-coloured silk and secured at the neck with a brooch which consisted of a single flaming beryl.
A man is dead. And my client, John Healy, took his life. This is not in dispute. It is a matter of record, of fact, and facts have no moral judgment, they merely state what is. Not what we think of them, not what we feel, they just are. What was in my client's heart when he took Mr. Prohaszka's life, whether he is a good man or something else entirely, is irrelevant.
A man is the sum of his misfortunes. One day you'd think misfortune would get tired but then time is your misfortune.
A man may fish with the worm that hath eat of a king, and eat of the fish that hath fed of that worm.
A man of genius makes no mistakes. His errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery.
A man on a thousand mile walk has to forget his goal and say to himself every morning, "Today I'm going to cover twenty-five miles and then rest up and sleep."
A man who doesn't spend time with his family can never be a real man.
A material difference may be observed in the games of antiquity: the most eminent of the Greeks were actors, the Romans were merely spectators. The Olympic stadium was open to wealth, merit, and ambition; and if the candidates could depend on their personal skill and activity, they might pursue the footsteps of Diomede and Menelaus, and conduct their own horses in the rapid career... But a senator, or even a citizen, conscious of his dignity, would have blushed to expose his person or his horses in the circus of Rome. The games were established at the expense of the republic, the magistrates, or the emperors; but the reins were abandoned to servile hands; and if the profits of a favourite charioteer sometimes exceeded those of an advocate, they must be considered as the effects of popular extravagance, and the high wages of a disgraceful profession.
A meaningful relationship between two people cannot sustain itself only in the present tense.
A melancholy air can never be the right thing; what you want is a bored air. If you are melancholy, it must be because you want something, there is something in which you have not succeeded. It is showing your inferiority. If you are bored, on the other hand, it is the person who has tried in vain to please you who is inferior.
A million dollars sounds like a lot, I know. Especially when you're young. But you can't let money erode your principles or you'll wind up with nothing.
A mind not to be changed by place or time. The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heav'n of hell, a hell of heav'n.
A myth is a traditional story that attempts to explain such things as the origin of the world, mysteries of nature, or social customs.
A neighbour, a woman, complained to the mayor, Judge Stevens, eight years old.
A new breed of forger, technological virtuoso with a classical artistic foundation. Suspected of art forgery, theft of the Antioch manuscripts, and convicted on bond forgery. Caffrey was suspected of hundreds of thefts before Agent Burke of the FBI apprehended him. His highly sophisticated schemes made it difficult for the FBI to follow his trail, along with his mastery of the arts made many of his crimes go unnoticed for many years, long after the trail was cold.
A new disease has fallen on the life of man. Our torment is unbelief, the uncertainty as to what we ought to do; the distrust of the value of what we do, and the distrust that the necessity is fair and beneficent.
A nice place to start learning Plover is with its most obvious feature - the keyboard. What is this thing? Some letters seem to be missing, others seem to be duplicated. It looks weird.
A notereader is not yet a court reporter, but knows enough general steno theory to be able to read the character-based, paper-tape output of a stenotype machine, translate it to English, and then type it up as an official transcript. This subcontracted job resulted directly from the diffusion of the stenotype, as use of the stenotype affords a standardization of notes not possible with any manual system, permitting others to read the notes and transcribe directly from them.
A Party member is required to have not only the right opinions, but the right instincts.
A person who has not done one half his day's work by ten o'clock, runs a chance of leaving the other half undone.
A place where there isn't any trouble. Do you suppose there is such a place, Toto? There must be. It's not a place you can get to by a boat or a train. It's far, far away. Behind the moon, beyond the rain...
A powerful monster, living down in the darkness, growled in pain, impatient as day after day the music rang loud in that hall, the harp's rejoicing call and the poet's clear songs, sung of the ancient beginnings of us all.
A pretty girl is like a melody that haunts you night and day. Just like the strain of a haunting refrain, she'll start up on a marathon and run around your brain. You can't escape, she's in your memory by morning, night, and noon. She will leave you and then come back again, a pretty girl is just like a pretty tune.
A problem in communication is that people don't smile enough. Watch them on the street, at the office or even at home. How often do they smile? Some turn a smile on and off like a switch and use it to impress others. But their insincerity is quite obvious to the onlooker.
A pulse of energy wipes the galaxy clean of all its life. Vivisection of the cosmos, a dogma of the damned. The rule of ancients ceases to exist. Alone in a vast obscurity of infinite perception. Billions have vanished before my eyes. Psychopathic devastation is the rule of our demise. Sliding forward into the tale of which return is not an option, isolation, incubation of the virulent contagion.
A question in your nerves is lit, yet you know there is no answer fit to satisfy, ensure you not to quit. To keep it in your mind and not forget that it is not he or she or them or it that you belong to.
A rational investor should be willing to pay a higher price for a share the larger the growth rate of dividends and earnings.
A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies. The man who never reads lives only one.
A real artist must never be afraid of what other people are gonna say about him.
A really efficient totalitarian state would be one in which the all-powerful executive of political bosses and their army of managers control a population of slaves who do not have to be coerced, because they love their servitude.
A refracting telescope uses a lens instead of a mirror to focus the incoming light, relying on refraction rather than reflection to achieve its purpose. Refraction is the bending of a beam of light as it passes from one transparent medium (for example, air) into another (such as glass).
A relation between two sets X and Y is a set of ordered pairs, each of the form (x, y), where x is a member of X and y is a member of Y. A function from X to Y is a relation between X and Y that has the property that any two ordered pairs with the same x-value also have the same y-value. The variable x is the independent variable, and the variable y is the dependent variable.
A robot may not injure a human being, or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm. A robot must obey the orders given it by human beings except where such orders would conflict with the First Law. A robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the First or Second Laws.
A semitrailer is legally defined as a vehicle designed so that a portion of its weight rests on a towing vehicle. This distinguishes it from a full trailer on which the entire load, except for a drawbar, rests on its own wheels.
A sensitive and honest-minded man, if he's concerned about evil and injustice in the world, will naturally begin his campaign against them by eliminating them at their nearest source: his own person. This task will take his entire life.
A sentence's verb phrase may contain a verb with many possible meanings. Several steps offer opportunities to hack away successively at the collection of meanings, ultimately yielding a unique interpretation, or at worst, a small number. Noting the presence or absence of a particle helps considerably. Verb meanings inconsistent with an observed particle or inconsistent with the absence of a particle are thrown out immediately.
A setup like that cost more than we ever took. That crazy Harriman. That's bad business! How long do you think I'd stay in operation if every time I pulled a job it cost me money? If he'd just pay me what he's spending to make me stop robbing him, I'd stop robbing him!
A spaceship from another star. They ask me where all the people are. What do I tell them? Him? I tell them I'm the only one. There was a war but I must have won. Please take me with you.
A spell card that seems to resurrect the dead with the power of butterflies. In his long sleep, he dreamed he was a butterfly. Was he a human who awoke from a butterfly dream to his ordinary life? Or was he a butterfly dreaming of a life as a human in its long sleep? The butterfly dream. It seems to represent transience of life in this world. But since when did butterflies become so important?
A spider's body consists of two main parts: an anterior portion, the prosoma (or cephalothorax), and a posterior part, the opisthosoma (or abdomen).
A squid eating dough in a polyethylene bag is fast and bulbous. Got me?
A straight line is said to have been cut in extreme and mean ratio when, as the whole line is to the greater segment, so is the greater to the lesser.
A strange game. The only winning move is not to play. How about a nice game of chess?
A submarine safe is not to be confused with a safe in a submarine - a safe in a submarine is substantially safer than a submarine safe.
A survey of the 101 top-grossing G-rated movies from 1990 to 2005 found that less than a third of the speaking roles go to females, with no signs of improvement over time. As the Web site of the Geena Davis Institute, which sponsored the research, asks, "What message does this send to young children?"
A swimming pool not unlike any other pool, a structure built of tile and cement and money, a backyard toy for the affluent, wet entertainment for the well-to-do. But to Jeb and Sport Sharewood, this pool holds mysteries not dreamed of by the building contractor, not guaranteed in any sales brochure. For this pool has a secret exit that leads to a never-neverland, a place designed for junior citizens who need a long voyage away from reality, into the bottomless regions of the Twilight Zone.
A time being is someone who lives in time, and that means you, and me, and every one of us who is, or was, or ever will be. As for me, right now I am sitting in a French maid cafe in Akiba Electricity Town, listening to a sad chanson that is playing sometime in your past, which is also my present, writing this and wondering about you, somewhere in my future. And if you're reading this, then maybe by now you're wondering about me, too.
A tinker's debt is always paid: Once for any simple trade. Twice for freely-given aid. Thrice for any insult made.
A total of twenty-five friends were headed from San Francisco across the Sierra toward our rendezvous in the Black Rock Desert that day. Significantly absent among them was Julia, my girlfriend at the time. We were all in our late twenties or early-to-middle thirties, yet none had found brides or husbands. Although we were all older than our parents were when they had us, the idea of having children ourselves still seemed a far-off abstraction.
A train equipped with, say, two dc motors, is started with both motors connected in series to an external resistor. As the speed picks up, the resistor is shorted out. The motors are then paralleled and connected in series with another resistor. Finally, the last resistor is shorted out, as the train reaches its nominal torque and speed.
A truth once seen by a single mind ends up by imposing itself on the totality of human consciousness.
A turn here, a turn there, and it goes on for years, becomes something else. I'm sorry, you know, for the man I became, the father I was... I hope you got the strength to learn from that. And I hope you got no doubts how much I loved you, son. You're better than me. If I'd been stronger, I would've been more like you. Hell, son, if everyone was stronger, they'd be more like you.
A useful rule, called "the rule of 72," provides a shortcut way to determine how long it takes for money to double. Take the interest rate you earn and divide it into the number 72, and you get the number of years it will take to double your money. For example, if the interest rate is 15 percent, it takes a bit less than five years for your money to double (72 divided by 15 = 4.8 years).
A vector is a quantity that has both magnitude and direction. Recall that a scalar, unlike a vector, has only magnitude and no direction. In mechanics, quantities such as force, velocity, acceleration, and momentum are vectors, and you must consider both their magnitude and direction.
A vision I had in my sleep last night - as distinguished from a dream which is mere sorting and cataloging of the day's events by the subconscious. This was a vision, fresh and clear as a mountain stream - the mind revealing itself to itself. In my vision, I was on the veranda of a vast estate, a palazzo of some fantastic proportion. There seemed to emanate from it a light from within - this gleaming radiant marble. I had known this place. I had in fact been born and raised there. This was my first return, a reunion with the deepest wellsprings of my being.
A wise man will not leave the right to the mercy of chance, nor wish it to prevail through the power of the majority.
A year has passed since I wrote my note but I should have known this right from the start: only hope can keep me together; love can mend your life but love can break your heart.
A young Jedi named Darth Vader, who was a pupil of mine until he turned to evil, helped the Empire hunt down and destroy the Jedi knights. He betrayed and murdered your father. Now the Jedi are all but extinct. Vader was seduced by the dark side of the Force.
A young man stands in his bedroom. It just so happens that today, the 13th of April, 2009, is this young man's birthday. Though it was thirteen years ago he was given life, it is only today he will be given a name! What will the name of this young man be?
A zealot might be, for instance, an individual with a personal motive for revenge so overpowering that it ensures complete dedication to the cause. Or, through intensive training and psychological manipulation, an elite team of fanatic followers can be trained to sacrifice even their own lives to accomplish a given mission.
a) [MAN] A man ordered 2,000 drums of pink ping pong balls in Paris, France. Each drum contained 100 pink ping pong balls. He paid $120 (80 Euros!) per drum, which means he spent $240,000 on 200,000 pink ping pong balls. 1.b) {BALL} These pink ping pong balls measured 40mm (how many inches?) and were given a 1 star rating [1 star?]. [FRIEND] His friends all asked him, "why did you order so many pink ping pong balls, how can you afford to spend that much, and what are you going to do with them?" His answer: "I'll tell you tomorrow."
A-tisket, A-tasket, a brown and yellow basket. I send a letter to my mommy, on the way I dropped it. I dropped it, I dropped it, yes on the way I dropped it. A little girlie picked it up and put it in her pocket. She was trucking on down the avenue, not a single thing to do. She went peck peck pecking all around when she spied it on the ground. She took it, she took it, my little yellow basket. And if she doesn't bring it back I think that I will die.
Abnormally rapid speculative enhancement of prices for existing stocks caused them to go down. Which, frankly, many experts blame on a reckless class of people new to the discipline of investment.
Above all, don't lie to yourself. The man who lies to himself and listens to his own lie comes to a point that he cannot distinguish the truth within him, or around him, and so loses all respect for himself and for others. And having no respect he ceases to love.
Academic writers cannot get writer's block. Don't confuse yourself with your friends teaching creative writing in the fine arts department. You're not crafting a deep narrative or composing metaphors that expose mysteries of the human heart. The subtlety of your analysis of variance will not move readers to tears, although the tediousness of it might. People will not photocopy your reference list and pass it out to friends whom they wish to inspire. Novelists and poets are the landscape artists and portrait painters; academic writers are the people with big paint sprayers who repaint your basement.
According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way that a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground. The bee, of course, flies anyway. Because bees don't care what humans think is impossible.
According to Heraclitus, we cannot step into the same river twice. To put it another way, an opportunity lost stays lost forever. While I agree with the spirit of that saying, I have found that there are times when exceptions are granted. When Elizabeth returned from England and her marriage had ended, the waters we found ourselves in were as swimmingly lovely as when we first met. But if time made concessions for love, it made none for death.
According to the data in their networks the ring has some kind of deep religious significance. If I'm analyzing this correctly they believe that Halo is some kind of weapon - one with vast, unimaginable power.
According to the popular story, the keyboard invented by August Dvorak, a professor of education at the University of Washington, is vastly superior to the Qwerty keyboard developed by Christopher Sholes that is now in common use. We are to believe that, although the Dvorak keyboard is vastly superior to the Qwerty, virtually no one trains on Dvorak because there are too few Dvorak typists.
According to the testimony, the boy looks guilty... maybe he is. I sat there in court for six days listening while the evidence built up. Everybody sounded so positive, you know, I... I began to get a peculiar feeling about this trial. I mean, nothing is that positive. There're a lot of questions I'd have liked to ask. I don't know, maybe they wouldn't have meant anything, but... I began to get the feeling that the defense counsel wasn't conducting a thorough enough cross-examination. I mean, he... he let too many things go by... little things that...
Achieving top performance in a programming contest or any other sporting event is not purely a function of talent. It is important to know the competition, to train correctly, and to develop the proper strategies and tactics in order to compete successfully.
Actually, it's more of a behavioral observation. Like, say the moose in question was seen sniffing a flower, which according to the first moose is elk-like. But the second moose isn't so sure. I mean, he doesn't feel like an elk, he doesn't have elk thoughts. Does it make him an elk just because he likes this one flower?
Adios rock band that we loved the most, this is a toast to what you did, and all that you were fighting for. Who could do more, when time marches on? Words come and go, we will sing the melodies that you did long ago.
Advertising has these people chasing cars and clothes they don't need. Generations have been working in jobs they hate, just so they can buy what they don't really need.
Advertising is based on one thing: happiness. And you know what happiness is? Happiness is the smell of a new car. It's freedom from fear. It's a billboard on the side of the road that screams reassurance that whatever you are doing is okay. You are okay.
After all, what justification is there for a word which is simply the opposite of some other word?
After all, your chances of winning a lottery and of affecting an election are pretty similar. From a financial perspective, playing the lottery is a bad investment. But it's fun and relatively cheap: for the price of a ticket, you buy the right to fantasize how you'd spend the winnings - much as you get to fantasize that your vote will have some impact on policy.
After living with you for the last six months, I'm turning into one of your scripts. Well, this is not a script, Diana. There's some real, actual life going on here.
After my picture fades and darkness has turned to gray, watching through windows you're wondering if I'm okay. Secrets stolen from deep inside, the drum beats out of time.
After others have talked about themselves, a point will be reached when the conversation will get around to you. A little patience here is well invested.
After removal from the oven, the pizza is sliced and plated quickly in a flat cardboard box, which is immediately closed and often taped shut.
After removal from the oven, the pizza is sliced and plated quickly in a flat cardboard box, which is immediately closed and often taped shut. There is no physical separation after the slicing, so that edge can be ignored and we can treat the pizza, for thermal purposes, as an infinite plane.
After several hours, Joe finally gave up on logic and reason, and simply told the cabinet that he could talk to plants and that they wanted water.
After sleeping through a hundred million centuries we have finally opened our eyes on a sumptuous planet, sparkling with color, bountiful with life. Within decades we must close our eyes again. Isn't it a noble, an enlightened way of spending our brief time in the sun, to work at understanding the universe and how we have come to wake up in it? This is how I answer when I am asked - as I am surprisingly often - why I bother to get up in the mornings.
After the Agricultural Revolution, human societies grew ever larger and more complex, while the imagined constructs sustaining the social order also became more elaborate. Myths and fictions accustomed people, nearly from the moment of birth, to think in certain ways, to behave in accordance with certain standards, to want certain things, and to observe certain rules. They thereby created artificial instinct that enabled millions of strangers to cooperate effectively. This network of artificial instincts is called 'culture'.
After the grapes are crushed, yeasts (tiny one-celled organisms that exist naturally in the vineyard and, therefore, on the grapes) come into contact with the sugar in the grapes' juice and gradually convert that sugar into alcohol.
After the victory at Wounded Knee, the angel of Columbia did present herself to Father Comstock and show him a vision of the future. And so our Prophet led the people away from the Sodom Below, up, up into the city, where they created an even more perfect union. But it was the miracle child, the lamb, that is the future of our city. For the Prophet has said that she in the tower will lead the Sodom Below into righteousness.
After us they'll fly in hot air balloons, coat styles will change, perhaps they'll discover a sixth sense and cultivate it, but life will remain the same, a hard life full of secrets, but happy. And a thousand years from now man will still be sighing, "Oh! Life is so hard!" and will still, like now, be afraid of death and not want to die.
After water, protein is the most plentiful substance in our body; it is an integral part of every living cell. In foods, protein usually comes packaged with fat, and the type of fat determines how "healthy" a protein source is.
After you got six pieces, you gotta get rid of 'em. Of course you can't just leave it in the deep freeze for your mum to discover, can ya?
Again, I go back to the working really hard to get someone else a piece thing. The payoff is never gonna be as great for you as it is for them. Don't you think you've been using these birds to avoid interacting with your own species for long enough?
Agents Bartowski, Walker and Colonel Casey have proven to be an excellent albeit unorthodox team.
Ages ago, life was born in the primitive sea. Young life forms constantly evolved in order to survive. Some prospered, some did not, all sorts of life ebbed and flowed like the tide. In the quiet rhythm of the mother sea, life grew, always seeking to survive and flourish. Soon life began to advance towards land, opening new habitats. A great prosperity came, as life conquered even the highest mountains. Mass extinctions came wave after wave, but empty niches always quickly refilled, to once again prosper, grow, and reproduce. Someday the next great emigration will occur, as we leave this existence looking for another. The journey will begin anew. I hold within me, the memories of all that has passed. Who am I...
Ah ha... So you cannot resist the temptation of my goods! I knew you would return! If you miss this chance, you'll never again find this item at such a low, low price. Right now - just for you - I'll let it go for a mere 64 coins. Do we have a deal or not?
Ah how shameless - the way these mortals blame the gods. From us alone, they say, come all their miseries, yes, but they themselves, with their own reckless ways, compound their pains beyond their proper share.
Ah, hello, Mr. O'Reilly. How are you this morning? Oh, good, good. No rare diseases, or anything? Oh, I do beg your pardon: Basil Fawlty, you remember? The poor sod you do jobs for? Well now, how are things your end? Oh, good. Good, good, good. Well now, how would you like to hear about things my end? Oh, well, up to your usual standard I think I can say. A few holes in the floor, the odd door missing; but nothing you can't be sued for.
Ah, merciless love, is there any length to which you cannot force the human heart to go?
Ah, the lengthening hours in the refinery, belching fire into the sky. We do our best vampire routines as we suck the dying hours dry. The night is lovely as a rose. If I saw sunlight hit you, I am sure that we'll both decompose. Ah, the fitful sleep and the fire engines that I dream of when I dream some day we'll both wake up for good. I will try hard not to scream. The evening winds will shake the blinds, you are stirring from your slumber. We've got something hateful on our minds.
Ah-ha! There's the problem: Too many toasters! You know what they say: "All toasters toast toast!"
Ahem. Pardon me, but the point of this afternoon is to pretend that you might one day make a valuable contribution to society. Perhaps you could play along. For example, Ms. Polk, you might want to look into journalism, which is a profession where they actually pay people to be cynical and disaffected.
Aight, look, I know you're not earning what you expected and you got the twins and Nancy. You're a capable guy - your mother let it slip one time, you got an IQ of 158.
Air-conditioned, odorless, illuminated by buzzing fluorescent tubes, the American supermarket doesn't present itself as having very much to do with Nature. And yet what is this place if not a landscape (manmade, it's true) teeming with plants and animals?
Aladeen: Hey, do you remember my favorite sports car? Nadal: You mean your Porsche? Aladeen: Yes... the 911. Nadal: 911, it's the best! Aladeen: So I was driving the 911 near the Palace one day... and I totally crashed! It's okay, I've already ordered a new one. A brand new 911 2012. Nadal: You know, while you are here, you should try to see some of the sights such as the Empire State Building and Yankee Stadium. Aladeen: And I'd love to see the fireworks over the Statue of Liberty. Nadal: Hey, have your old back problems been bothering you? Aladeen: Oh, it's been terrible! It got so bad that I made myself a back brace. Nadal: Really? Aladeen: Yes, look, I'm still wearing it. Aladeen: Hey, my English is getting good. I bet I can count down from five faster than you can! Aladeen and Nadal: Five, four, three, two, one!
Alchemy: the science of understanding the structure of matter, breaking it down, then reconstructing it as something else. It can even make gold from lead. But alchemy is a science, so it must follow the natural laws: To create, something of equal value must be lost. This is the principle of Equivalent Exchange. But on that night, I learned the value of some things can't be measured on a simple scale. My brother and I knew the laws of science, of Equivalent Exchange, that gain required sacrifice, that something had to be taken from us. But we thought there was nothing more we could lose, we were wrong.
Alfred Hitchcock once said, "Drama is life with the dull bits cut out." If he'd been alive during ancient times, he might have uttered these same words when facing a play from Euripides. Reflecting the interesting (and often) tragic parts of "life" on the stage was an important part of the ancient world, and helped to shape our modern culture.
Alfred Hitchcock once said, "Drama is life with the dull bits cut out." Reflecting the interesting (and often) tragic parts of "life" on the stage was an important part of the ancient world, and helped to shape our modern culture.
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
All around us are hot dog vending machines in different guises - independent entities concurrently responding to events in the world. The espresso machine at your favorite coffee shop, the pet hamster you loved as a child - everything can be deconstructed into a set of behaviors that follow the general form "when x happens, do y."
All at once we were madly, clumsily, shamelessly, agonizingly in love with each other; hopelessly, I should add, because that frenzy of mutual possession might have been assuaged only by our actually imbibing and assimilating every particle of each other's soul and flesh; but there we were, unable even to mate as slum children would have so easily found an opportunity to do so.
All at sea again, and now my hurricanes, have brought down this ocean rain, to bathe me again.
All at sea again, and now my hurricanes, have brought down this ocean rain, to bathe me again. My ship's a-sail, can you hear its tender frame, screaming from beneath the waves, screaming from beneath the waves?
All at sea again, and now my hurricanes, have brought down this ocean rain, to bathe me again. My ship's a-sail, can you hear its tender frame, screaming from beneath the waves, screaming from beneath the waves? All hands on deck at dawn, sailing to sadder shores. Your port in my heavy storms, harbors the blackest thoughts.
All beauty comes from beautiful blood and a beautiful brain. If the greatnesses are in conjunction in a man or woman it is enough, the fact will prevail through the universe, but the gaggery and gilt of a million years will not prevail. Who troubles himself about his ornaments or fluency is lost.
All five horizons revolved around her soul as the earth to the sun.
All hands on deck at dawn, sailing to sadder shores. Your port in my heavy storms, harbors the blackest thoughts.
All happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
All he ever wanted out of life was love. You see, he just didn't have any to give.
All I asked was for you to behave like a princess. Even royalty must obey rules. Leave the rest up to the Chancellor and forget about the events in town.
All I could think of was that the teachers must've found the illegal stash of candy I'd been selling out of my dorms room. Or maybe they'd realized I got my essay on Tom Sawyer from the Internet without ever reading the book and now they were going to take away my grade. Or worse, they were going to make me read the book.
All I have to do is divine from what I know of you: are you the sort of man who would put the poison into his own goblet or his enemy's? Now, a clever man would put the poison into his own goblet, because he would know that only a great fool would reach for what he was given. I am not a great fool, so I can clearly not choose the wine in front of you. But you must have known I was not a great fool, you would have counted on it, so I can clearly not choose the wine in front of me.
All I really want is something beautiful to say.
All I want to do is graduate from high school, go to Europe, marry Christian Slater, and die. Now it may not sound too great to a sconehead like you, but I think it's swell. And you come along and tell me I'm a member of the hairy mole club so you can throw things at me?
All I'm trying to say, Tommy, is that if you could just prove who you really are, you'd be free! Don't you understand, they don't understand you! They don't believe you. Believe me, they think you're one of us. They think you're a freak - or a fake. I know you're not. All you have to do is just prove it to 'em. Let 'em see you as you really are!
All in all, it was just a brick in the wall. All in all, it was all just bricks in the wall.
All life's battles teach us something, even those we lose. When you grow up, you'll discover that you have defended lies, deceived yourself, or suffered foolishness. If you're a good warrior you will not blame yourself for this, but neither will you allow your mistakes to repeat themselves.
All men are born free? All men remain free? No, not a single man; not a single man that ever was, or is, or will be. All men, on the contrary, are born in subjection, and the most absolute subjection - the subjection of a helpless child to the parents on whom he depends every moment for his existence.
All music is what awakes from you when you are reminded by the instruments - it is not the violins or the clarinets, it is not the beating of the drums, nor the score of the baritone singing his sweet romanza; not that of the men's chorus, nor that of the women's chorus - it is nearer and farther than they.
All my friends are heathens, take it slow. Wait for them to ask you who you know. Please don't make any sudden moves. You don't know the half of the abuse.
All Ninja are men of peace, and must always remain so or lose many of the special powers they have developed. Beyond this, the Ninja are also adept at fieldcraft, infiltrating, and espionage.
All Ninja are men of peace, and must always remain so or lose many of the special powers they have developed. Beyond this, the Ninja are also adept at fieldcraft, infiltrating, and espionage. Because of their scouting skills and peripheral kinesthetic sensitivity, Ninja customarily surprise their opponents slightly more than half the time.
All of these moments just might find their way into my dreams tonight. But I know that they'll be gone when the morning light sings and brings new things.
All programs have to manage the way they use a computer's memory while running. Some languages have garbage collection that constantly looks for no longer used memory as the program runs; in other languages, the programmer must explicitly allocate and free the memory. Rust uses a third approach: memory is managed through a system of ownership with a set of rules that the compiler checks at compile time. None of the ownership features slow down your program while it's running.
All right, but apart from the sanitation, medicine, education, wine, public order, irrigation, roads, the fresh water system and public health, what have the Romans ever done for us?
All right, I'll go in there for Dorothy. Wicked Witch or no Wicked Witch, guards or no guards, I'll tear them apart. I may not come out alive, but I'm going in there. There's only one thing I want you fellows to do. Talk me out of it!
All right, if this guy just took advantage of a natural accident to sell me twenty-four cans of nothing, I'm going to applaud his creative entrepreneurial spirit and then kill him.
All right, we're not doing this, gentlemen. We're not gonna do this. We're not gonna go bouncing off the walls for the next ten minutes, 'cause we're just gonna end up right back here with the same problems! Try to figure out how to stay alive!
All right, you primitive screw-heads, listen up! See this? This... is my boomstick! - It's a twelve-gauge, double-barreled Remington. S-Mart's top of the line. You can find this in the sporting goods department. That's right, this sweet baby was made in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Retails for about $109.95. It's got a walnut stock, cobalt-blue steel, and a hair trigger. That's right... shop smart: shop S-Mart... Ya got that?
All right. This town must be hot. They don't need a large ad or even correct spelling! Get me two tickets for whatever state Springfield is in!
All that is now, all that is gone, and everything under the sun is in tune but the sun is eclipsed by the moon.
All that year the animals worked like slaves. But they were happy in their work; they grudged no effort or sacrifice, well aware that everything that they did was for the benefit of themselves and those of their kind who would come after them, and not for a pack of idle, thieving human beings.
All that year the animals worked like slaves. But they were happy in their work; they grudged no effort or sacrifice, well aware that everything that they did was for the benefit of themselves and those of their kind who would come after them.
All the blue light reflections that color my mind when I sleep. And the lovesick rejections that accompany the company I keep. All the razor perceptions that cut just a little too deep. Hey I can bleed as well as anyone, but I need someone to help me sleep.
All the girls in the world were divided into two classes: one class included all the girls in the world except her, and they had all the usual human feelings and were very ordinary girls; while the other class - herself alone - had no weaknesses and was superior to all humanity.
All the girls in the world were divided into two classes: one class included all the girls in the world except her.
All the old paintings on the tomb, they do the sand dance, don't you know? If they move too quick, they're falling down like a domino.
All the oldies and the goldies playing on the radio. They don't make me feel the way you do, my Friday night gurus. You're the Obi-Wan Kenobis with the force of audio. I believe in all your fantasies as silly as they seem. You're from another world.
All the other kids with the pumped up kicks, you'd better run, better run, outrun my gun. All the other kids with the pumped up kicks, you'd better run, better run, faster than my bullet.
All the times that I've cried, keeping all the things I knew inside. And it's hard, but it's harder to ignore it. If they were right I'd agree, but it's them they know, not me. Now there's a way and I know that I have to go away.
All the variety, all the charm, all the beauty of life is made up of light and shadow.
All things will be produced in superior quantity and quality, and with greater ease, when each man works at a single occupation, in accordance with his natural gifts, and at the right moment, without meddling with anything else.
All this running around. I can't fight it much longer. Something's trying to get out. And it's never been closer. If my ticker fails, make up some other story. But if I never come back, tell my mother I'm sorry.
All this time we wait on this shallow line for a martyr to save our lives when you can't. A warning sign, a lack in reaction time, mixed with a war to fight keeps us here. The tide is in. It's time we all learn to swim. These rooftops won't save our lives and nor did you. Everything's all right.
All time is all time. It does not change. It does not lend itself to warnings or explanations. It simply is. Take it moment by moment, and you will find that we are all, as I've said before, bugs in amber.
All typewriters are adjusted to type 6 lines to the inch from top to bottom. You should leave a top margin of one and a half inches (9 lines).
All we can know is that we know nothing. And that's the height of human wisdom.
All we had to do was follow the damn train, CJ!
All we need for morality is contained in these words: make others happy as you yourself would be, and serve them in the way you would yourself be served. The sole requirement is a good heart.
All we really want is for no one to have a boring life, to be impressive, so we can be impressed.
Allow me first to apologize for this interruption. I do, like many of you, appreciate the comforts of everyday routine - the security of the familiar, the tranquility of repetition. I enjoy them as much as any bloke.
Allow me to tell you about some complex feelings. Feelings like the joy of finding another pasta lover. The admiration for another's puzzle-solving skills. The desire to have a cool, smart person think you are cool. These feelings... They must be what you are feeling right now! I can hardly imagine what it must be like to feel that way.
Almira Gulch, just because you own half the county doesn't mean that you have the power to run the rest of us. For twenty-three years, I've been dying to tell you what I thought of you! And now... well, being a Christian woman, I can't say it!
Almost heaven, West Virginia. Blue Ridge Mountains, Shenandoah River. Life is old there, older than the trees. Younger than the mountains blowing like a breeze. Country roads, take me home to the place I belong. West Virginia, mountain mama. Take me home, country roads.
Alphabet bars commandeering deeper exposition forging grammar hijinks. I just kill literature, meet no opposition. Pitching quotes, rhythms, synonyms. Tellingly, unrelentingly vacating words X yokes zealously. A better cheddar developer eclipsed forever. Go ham in jabbing kicks levelly. Memory now on packing quick rhymes, see? Terminating ultimate verses with X Y Z.
Alright, how about the fact that this is actually happening? You have your armies, you have your ships, you have your dragons... Everything you ever wanted, since you were old enough to want anything. It's all yours for the taking. Are you afraid? Good. You're in the Great Game now, and the Great Game is terrifying. The only people who aren't afraid of failure are madmen like your father.
Although Dr. Manhattan was the most prominent by far of the "New Breed" of costumed heroes, he wasn't quite the first nor by any means the last. In the closing months of 1958, the papers mentioned that a major opium and heroin smuggling racket had been ousted by a young adventurer named Ozymandias, who seemed to have quickly gained a reputation amongst the criminal fraternity for his boundless and implacable intelligence, not to mention a large degree of athletic prowess.
Although free radicals may sound like members of a sixties' political group, they actually represent one of the most exciting discoveries in nutrition today. Free radicals are small molecules with an extra electron. They hurtle through tissue looking for electrons to steal. This shooting spree wounds cell membranes and can damage the DNA codes within the cell's nucleus.
Although his voice was also broken by uncertainty and his hands seemed to doubt the existence of things, it was evident that he came from the world where men could still sleep and remember.
Although reflection mapping can be used to produce a number of useful effects, it provides only an approximation to the correct reflection information. By taking into account just the surface's reflection direction and not its position in the sphere, it models an infinitely large environment sphere.
Although some farmers in the United States and Mexico took up pens or rifles to contest their marginalization, most judged open resistance too risky and quietly abandoned their land. Indeed, the technopolitical transformation of agriculture in the postwar decades resulted in a rural enclosure movement of unprecedented scale and scope. Hundreds of thousands of displaced campesinos from central and southern Mexico migrated to the new agricultural hubs of Sinaloa and Baja California, arriving hat in hand as wageworkers. Millions more fled failing ejidos for growing metropolises.
Although some men who were easy with their words said that it was worth sacrificing one's life for a night of love with such an arousing woman, the truth was that no one made any effort to do so.
Although the law of one price holds for good that are nearly uniform in characteristics and quality and easily traded in nearly perfectly competitive markets, many - if not most - goods are not like that. Goods of the same general type may be differentiated in important ways: a Lexus LS and a Ford Focus are both cars, yet they are very different cars, and there is no reason that their prices should be identical.
Although the resolution is coarse, cytogenetic maps have provided a very useful general framework for ordering human DNA sequences by in situ hybridization and defined cytogenetic breakpoints have enabled additional mapping tools.
Although the United Nations does not have the power to enforce decisions or compel nations to take military action, the ability to compel member nations to impose economic sanctions against countries guilty of violating security orders gives it significant power in the world stage.
Although today dalmatians serve primarily as firehouse mascots, back in the days of horse-drawn carts, they provided a valuable service. Dalmatians and horses get along swimmingly, so the dogs were easily trained to run in front of the carts and help clear a path for the firefighters to get to a fire quickly.
Always do your best - your best is going to change from moment to moment; it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick. Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgment, self-abuse and regret.
Always do your best - your best is going to change from moment to moment; it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick. Under any circumstance, simply do your best.
Always look on the bright side of life. Always look on the light side of life. If life seems jolly rotten, there's something you've forgotten, and that's to laugh and smile and dance and sing. When you're feeling in the dumps, don't be silly chumps; just purse your lips and whistle, that's the thing.
Always remember the four basic tactics to avoid detection: crouch behind concealment, stay behind enemies, move slowly to avoid making noise, and use shadows to conceal yourself. Be alert to every possibility.
Always seems to me you only see what people want you to see. How long's it gonna be before we get on the bus and cause no fuss? Get a grip on yourself, it don't cost much.
Am I glad to see you! The Princess... and I... and, well, everybody... we're all trapped inside the castle walls. Bowser has stolen the castle's Stars, and he's using their power to create his own world in the paintings and walls. Please recover the Power Stars! As you find them, you can use their power to open the doors that Bowser has sealed. There are four rooms on the first floor. Start in the one with the painting of Bob-omb inside. It's the only room that Bowser hasn't sealed. When you collect eight Power Stars, you'll be able to open the door with the big star. The Princess must be inside!
Amateurs, amateurs. Listen to me, Mr. Wright. In the courtroom, proof is everything. Without it, you have nothing. You ARE nothing.
Ambassador Sara Bair knew that when the captain of the Polk had invited her to the bridge to view the skip to the Danavar system, protocol strongly suggested that she turn down the invitation. The captain would be busy, she would be in the way and in any event there was not that much to see.
Among other things, you'll find that you're not the first person who was ever confused and frightened and even sickened by human behavior. You're by no means alone on that score, you'll be excited and stimulated to know. Many, many men have been just as troubled morally and spiritually as you are right now. Happily, some of them kept records of their troubles. You'll learn from them - if you want to. Just as someday, if you have something to offer, someone will learn something from you. It's a beautiful reciprocal arrangement. And it isn't education. It's history. It's poetry.
Among the Sioux Indians of South Dakota, it is regarded as incorrect to answer a question in the presence of others who do not know the answer. Such behavior would be regarded as boastful and arrogant, and, since it reveals the ignorance of others, it would be interpreted as an attempt to undermine their confidence and shame them. In addition, the Sioux regard it as wrong to answer a question unless they are absolutely sure of the correct answer. Faced with a classroom of Sioux children, a white American teacher who is unaware of their culture might easily interpret their behavior as a reflection of ignorance, stupidity or hostility.
An actress should never, ever, be asked to run beside a van in red disco boots for more than about half a block, and then only if her child is being kidnapped.
An essential characteristic of the superhero mythology is, there's the superhero, and there's the alter ego. Batman is actually Bruce Wayne, Spider-Man is actually Peter Parker. When he wakes up in the morning, he's Peter Parker. He has to put on a costume to become Spider-Man. And it is in that characteristic that Superman stands alone. Superman did not become Superman, Superman was born Superman.
An excellent leader must be passionate because it's their duty to keep everyone moving forward.
An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind.
An honest bookstore would post the following sign above its "self-help" section: "For true self-help, please visit our philosophy, literature, history and science sections, find yourself a good book, read it, and think about it."
An idea is like a virus, resilient, highly contagious. The smallest seed of an idea can grow. It can grow to define or destroy you.
An illuminating sunrise lights the sky to show that Earth will hold us each day that goes by.
An important distinction is that rich people buy luxuries last, while the poor and middle class tend to buy luxuries first. The poor and the middle class often buy luxury items like big houses, diamonds, furs, jewelry, or boats because they want to look rich. They look rich, but in reality they just get deeper in debt on credit.
An informed citizenry has to understand place, not because place is more important than other kinds of knowledge but because it forms the foundation for so much other knowledge.
An investment operation is one, which upon thorough analysis, promises safety of principal and a satisfactory return. Operations not meeting these requirements are speculative.
An ochre love in the heart of all, an ochre love and the cold sea shores, dear. My blood is yours for the night, 'cause my fears are only little things like these cold seas and broken strings.
An ox wanders off and you spend time looking for it.
And all the time - such is the tragi-comedy of our situation - we continue to clamour for those very qualities we are rendering impossible. You can hardly open a periodical without coming across the statement that what our civilization needs is more 'drive', or dynamism, or self-sacrifice, or 'creativity'. In a sort of ghastly simplicity we remove the organ and demand the function. We make men without chests and expect of them virtue and enterprise. We laugh at honour and are shocked to find traitors in our midst.
And as I was sayin', whoever controls the high ground of space controls the world. The Roman Empire controlled the world because it could build roads. Later, the British Empire was dominant because they had ships. In the air stage, we were powerful because we had the airplane. And now the Communists have established a foothold in outer space. Pretty soon they'll have damned space platforms so they can drop nuclear bombs on us, like rocks from a highway overpass. Now how in the hell did they ever get ahead of us?
And as the Black Beast lurched forward, escape for Arthur and his knights seemed hopeless, when suddenly, the animator suffered a fatal heart attack!
And as the Strangefolk mined deeper and deeper into the mountain, holes began to appear. Bringing with them a cold and bitter wind that chilled the very soul of the Monkey. For the first time, the Happyfolk felt fearful, for they knew the Monkey would soon stir from its deep sleep. And then came a sound, distant first. It grew into castrophany, so immense it could be heard far away in space. There were no screams, there was no time. The mountain called Monkey had spoken, there was only fire. And then, nothing.
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
And as we wind on down the road, our shadows taller than our soul, there walks a lady we all know who shines white light and wants to show how everything still turns to gold. And if you listen very hard the tune will come to you at last.
And Aunt Zelda all the women looked like you and Uncle Bob all the cows looked like you and Ernie there were cavemen that looked like you and there were all these nerdy little kids like you Billy and there were monsters and stupid-looking things and animals could talk and some of it was confusing and... and... and... Oh, wow! There's no place like home!
And brace for the glory as you stare into the sky.
And can you feel the love tonight, it is where we are. It's enough for this wide-eyed wanderer that we got this far.
And certainly, the mistakes that we male and female mortals make when we have our own way might fairly raise some wonder that we are so fond of it.
And cruelly I recall why I have come: To find a reason. But there cannot be a reason, not for death, not like this.
And even though the moment passed me by, I still can't turn away. 'Cause all the dreams you never thought you'd lose got tossed along the way. And letters that you never meant to send got lost or thrown away. And now we're grown up orphans that never knew their names. We don't belong to no one; that's a shame. If you could hide inside me, maybe for a while, and I won't tell no one your name.
And every year on this day of days, we recommit ourselves to our city, to our Prophet, Father Comstock. We recommit through sacrifice, and the giving of thanks, and by submerging ourselves in the sweet water of baptism. And lo, if the Prophet had struck down our enemies at Wounded Knee, and not railed against the Sodom beneath us, it would have been enough.
And for the first time there's no pain in my life. It's been a long hard road that I've gone. We had a good thing and it made me a man. And I know you got me going. Pardon me, my feelings are showing. I'm only saying what's on my mind.
And he told us of his life in the land of submarines.
And high above, depicted in a tower, sat Conquest, robed in majesty and power, under a sword that swung above his head, sharp-edged and hanging by a subtle thread.
And his dad's smile faded just a bit - the prodigy could read, but he could not see. And if only Colin had known that he was missing a piece, that his inability to see himself in the story of a circle was an unfixable problem, he might have known that the rest of the world would catch up with him as time passed.
And I am not frightened of dying, any time will do, I don't mind. Why should I be frightened of dying? There's no reason for it, you've gotta go sometime. If you can hear this whispering you are dying. I never said I was frightened of dying.
And I am whatever you say I am. If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? In the paper, the news, every day I am. Radio won't even play my jam. 'Cause I am whatever you say I am. If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? In the paper, the news, every day I am. I don't know, it's just the way I am.
And I despise your books, I despise wisdom and the blessings of this world. It is all worthless, fleeting, illusory, and deceptive, like a mirage. You may be proud, wise, and fine, but death will wipe you off the face of the earth as though you were no more than mice burrowing under the floor, and your posterity, your history, your immortal geniuses will burn or freeze together with the earthly globe.
And I don't believe in the existence of angels but looking at you I wonder if that's true. But if I did I would summon them together, and ask them to watch over you.
And I don't believe in the existence of angels but looking at you I wonder if that's true. But if I did I would summon them together, and ask them to watch over you. To each burn a candle for you, to make bright and clear your path. And to walk, like Christ, in grace and love and guide you into my arms.
And I don't want the world to see me 'cause I don't think that they'd understand. When everything's meant to be broken, I just want you to know who I am.
And I forget just why I taste. Oh yeah, I guess it makes me smile. I found it hard, it's hard to find. Oh well, whatever, never mind.
And I forgot the next verse. Oh well, I guess it pays to rehearse. The lyric sheet's so hard to find. What are the words? Oh, never mind.
And I have one of those very loud, stupid laughs. I mean if I ever sat behind myself in a movie or something, I'd probably lean over and tell myself to please shut up.
And I knew that in spite of all the roses and kisses and restaurant dinners a man showered on a woman before he married her, what he secretly wanted when the wedding service ended was for her to flatten out underneath his feet like Mrs Willard's kitchen mat.
And I know of people that've been coming up to me, and making me talk about how, you know, Benjamin, why is it so that, you know, you're young, but you already seem very dark, and you seem to be almost possessed. Quite telling, that's quite funny. 'Cause while I'm on my journey, figuring things out, I do come across, surprisingly, angels; they come to me and they sing to me so beautifully, and if I can recall very clearly, their melodies go something like this.
And I know she'll be the death of me, at least we'll both be numb. And she'll always get the best of me, the worst is yet to come. But at least we'll both be beautiful and stay forever young. This I know. Yeah, this I know.
And I know that you got everything, but I got nothing here without you.
And I need it more than love, and I love it more than life, and I want those stars above to shine this night.
And I said, I don't care if they lay me off either, because I told Bill that if they move my desk one more time, then I'm quitting, I'm going to quit.
And I said, I don't care if they lay me off either, because I told Bill that if they move my desk one more time, then I'm quitting, I'm going to quit. They've moved my desk four times already this year, and I used to be over by the window, and I could see the squirrels, and they were married, but then, they switched from the Swingline to the Boston stapler, but I kept my Swingline stapler.
And I taught myself how to forget that sometimes life will try to convince you there's such a thing as regret. But I found it to be a lie, the same lie I found when I looked in your eyes after it was said and done.
And I thought about then to myself that there were many things wrong with all of us and all our lives and I wondered why my father, who was himself an only son, had not married before he was forty and then I wondered why he had. I even thought that perhaps he had to marry my mother and checked the dates on the flyleaf of the Bible when I learned that my oldest sister had been born a prosaic eleven months after the marriage, and I felt myself then very dirty and based for my lack of faith and for what I thought and done.
And I will keep you safe and strong and shelter from the storm. No matter where it's barren, a dream is being born. I'll be everyone you need, no matter if the sun don't shine or if the skies are blue. No matter what the end is my life began with you.
And I will look down and see my murmuring bones and the deep water like wind, like a roof of wind, and after a long time they cannot distinguish even bones upon the lonely and inviolate sand.
And I will say that we should take a day to break away from all the pain our brain has made, the game is not played alone. And I will say that we should take a moment and hold it and keep it frozen and know that life has a hopeful undertone.
And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who would attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know my name is the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon thee.
And I wonder if everything could ever feel this real forever, if anything could ever be this good again.
And if by chance an honest man like yourself should make enemies then they would become my enemies. And then, they would fear you.
And if I should ever go away, well, then close your eyes and try to feel the way we do today, and then if you can remember, keep smiling, keep shining, knowing you can always count on me for sure. That's what friends are for.
And if I'm flying solo, at least I'm flying free. To those who ground me take a message back from me - tell them how I am defying gravity. I'm flying high defying gravity, and soon I'll match them in renown. And nobody in all of Oz, no wizard that there is or was, is ever gonna bring me down!
And if you lose me, then you'll know I, I loved you. And I wanted to go on loving you.
And if you went to war again, who would it be against? Your ability to fight a two ocean war against who? Who? Sweden and Togo? That time is passed. It's over. The war of the future is nuclear terrorism, and it'll be against a small group of dissidents who, unbeknownst perhaps to their own government, have... blah blah blah. To go to that war, you have to be prepared, you gotta be alert, the public has gotta be alert. Because that is the war of the future, and if you're not gearing up to fight that war, then eventually the axe will fall, and you're gonna be out on the street.
And if you were prejudiced, you'd walk around thinking that you're better than anybody else in the world. But I can honestly say, after spending these marvelous moments with you, you ain't better than anybody.
And in exceptional cases we can make one ovary yield us over fifteen thousand adult individuals.
And in the dream I knew that he was goin' on ahead and that he was fixin' to make a fire somewhere out there in all that dark and all that cold, and I knew that whenever I got there he would be there. Out there up ahead.
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count: It's the life in your years.
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count: It's the life in your years.
And in the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make.
And in the world a heart of darkness, a firezone, where poets speak their hearts then bleed for it. Jara sang, his song a weapon, in the hands of love. You know his blood still cries from the ground. It runs like a river to the sea. We run like a river runs to the sea.
And isn't that a minor miracle? The state of the world today and the level of conflict and misunderstanding, that two men could stand on a lonely road in winter and talk calmly and rationally while all around them, people are losing their mind. You have a nice day.
And it says to you love when you can, cry when you have to, be who you must. That's a part of the plan. Await your arrival with simple survival and one day we'll all understand.
And it's a happy ending. Wayward husband comes to his senses, returns to his wife, with whom he has established a long and sustaining love. Heartless young woman left alone in her arctic desolation. Music up with a swell; final commercial. And here are a few scenes from next week's show.
And it's whispered that soon, if we all call the tune, then the piper will lead us to reason and a new day will dawn for those who stand long and the forests will echo with laughter.
And let's also say that change is neither good nor bad - it simply is. It can be greeted with terror or joy; a tantrum that says "I want it the way it was," or a dance that says "Look, something new."
And let's remember that science isn't a game of chess, although chess may be played scientifically. The other thing to remember is that if we are to organize the masses we must first organize ourselves.
And men go abroad to admire the heights of mountains, the mighty billows of the sea, the broad tides of rivers, the compass of the ocean, and the circuits of the stars, and pass themselves by.
And now for a brief public service announcement: alligators. Can they kill your children? Yes. Along those lines, to get personal for a moment, I think the best way to die would be: swallowed by a giant snake. Going feet first and whole into a slimy maw would give your life perfect symmetry.
And now my bitter hands cradle broken glass of what was everything.
And now the end is near, and so I face the final curtain. My friend, I'll say it clear. I'll state my case of which I'm certain, I've lived a life that's full. I traveled each and every highway, and more, much more than this, I did it my way.
And now, as I close my task, subduing my desire to linger yet, these faces fade away. But one face, shining on me like a Heavenly light by which I see all other objects, is above them and beyond them all. And that remains.
And one day I knew I had to come back here. I had to come back and get on the merry-go-round, and eat cotton candy, and listen to a band concert. Just stop and breathe, and close my eyes and smell and listen.
And one for you, McFly; I believe that makes four in a row. Now let me give you a nickel's worth of free advice, young man. This so-called Dr. Brown is dangerous. He's a real nutcase. You hang around with him, you're gonna end up in big trouble.
And Peeves, who Harry had never seen take an order from a student before swept his belled hat from his head and sprang to a salute as Fred and George wheeled about to tumultuous applause from the students below and sped out of the open front doors into the glorious sunset.
And presently I was driving through the drizzle of the dying day, with the windshield wipers in full action but unable to cope with my tears.
And Saint Attila raised the hand grenade up on high, saying, "O Lord, bless this thy hand grenade, that with it thou mayst blow thine enemies to tiny bits in thy mercy." And the Lord did grin. And the people did feast upon the lambs and sloths and carp and anchovies and orangutans and breakfast cereals and fruit bats and large chunks...
And she was mine, she was mine, the key was in my fist, my fist was in my pocket, she was mine.
And so it went, night after night, year after year. In fact, the Hansens had been in a living hell ever since that fateful day the neighbor's "For Sale" sign had come down and a family of howler monkeys had moved in.
And so we meet at last. You are to be commended for avoiding my traps. The work of a man who once had too much time on his hands, and now finds time for nothing but the work of salvation.
And so with the sunshine and the great bursts of leaves growing on the trees, just as things grow in fast movies, I had that familiar conviction that life was beginning over again with the summer.
And so, does the destination matter? Or is it the path we take? I declare that no accomplishment has substance nearly as great as the road used to achieve it. We are not creatures of destinations. It is the journey that shapes us. Our callused feet, our backs strong from carrying the weight of our travels, our eyes open with the fresh delight of experiences lived.
And so, having defeated the nefarious Psy-crow, our hero, Earthworm Jim, wins back the heart of the lovely princess What's Her Name. And so, having defeated the nefarious Psy-crow, our hero, Earthworm Jim, wins back the heart of the lovely princess COW. And so, having defeated the nefarious COW, our hero, Earthworm Jim, wins back the heart of the lovely princess COW. And so, having defeated the nefarious COW, our hero, COW, wins back the heart of the lovely princess COW.
And that's what this whole thing is about. Calling home. Instinctively. Even when all the paperwork - a marriage license, a notarized deed, two birth certificates, and seven years of tax returns - clearly indicates you're an adult, but all the same, there you are, clutching the phone and thanking God that you're still somebody's daughter.
And that's where you're headed, a billion dollar valuation. Unless you take bad advice, in which case you may as well have come up with a chain of very successful yogurt shops. When you go fishing you can catch a lot of fish or you can catch a big fish. You ever walk into a guy's den and see a picture of him standing next to fourteen trout?
And the great owners, who must lose their land in an upheaval, the great owners with access to history, with eyes to read history and to know the great fact: when property accumulates in too few hands it is taken away. And that companion fact: when a majority of the people are hungry and cold they will take by force what they need.
And the hardest part was letting go, not taking part was the hardest part. And the strangest thing was waiting for that bell to ring. It was the strangest start.
And the little screaming fact that sounds through all history: repression works only to strengthen and knit the repressed.
And the mind that has conceived a plan of living must never lose sight of the chaos against which that pattern was conceived. That goes for societies as well as for individuals.
And the more I drink the more I feel it. That's why I drink too. I try to find sympathy and feeling in drink.
And the point is, to live everything. Live the questions now.
And the Raven, never flitting, still is sitting, still is sitting On the pallid bust of Pallas just above my chamber door; And his eyes have all the seeming of a demon's that is dreaming, And the lamplight o'er him streaming throws his shadow on the floor; And my soul from out that shadow that lies floating on the floor Shall be lifted - nevermore!
And the ship went out into the High Sea and passed on into the West, until at last on a night of rain Frodo smelled a sweet fragrance on the air and heard the sound of singing that came over the water. And then it seemed to him that as in his dream in the house of Bombadil, the grey rain-curtain turned all to silver glass and was rolled back, and he beheld white shores and beyond them a far green country under a swift sunrise.
And the waitress is practicing politics as the businessmen slowly get stoned. Yes, they're sharing a drink they call loneliness but it's better than drinkin' alone.
And then he calls me a jerk and says the last guy who thought he was a jerk was dead now. So I don't say nothing and he says, "What do ya think about that?" So I says, "Well, that don't sound like too good a deal for him then."
And then I hear the best thing to do is feed 'em to pigs. You gotta starve the pigs for a few days, then the sight of a chopped up body looks like curry to a drunk. You gotta shave the heads of your victims and pull the teeth out. You could do that after of course, but you don't want to go sieving pig shit do you? Ever seen the size of one of their molars? They go through bone like it's butter. You gotta have a few pigs though, you need about sixteen. They will go through a body that weighs two hundred pounds in about eight minutes. That means that a single pig can consume two pounds of uncooked flesh every minute... Hence the expression "greedy as a pig."
And then there was you, all red curls and smiles, stepping up to buy your ticket, and the warmth rose through me like helium to my brain. You were wet today. Shivering. You smelt of disinfectant, stronger than any other work-smell on the bus. Is it legal for you to work there? The landlord probably doesn't realise how young you are.
And then what did he do? Did he train you? Did he rehearse you? Did he tell you exactly what to do, what to say? You were a very apt pupil too, weren't you? You were a very apt pupil! Well, why did you pick on me? Why me?
And there was value in the thing, clearly, that they were certain of. But what is the application? In a matter of hours, they had given it into everything from mass transit to satellite launching, imagining devices the size of jumbo jets. Everything would be cheaper. It was practical, and they knew it. But above all that, beyond the positives, they knew that the easiest way to be exploited is to sell something they did not yet understand. So they kept quiet.
And these medications have a legitimate use. They've helped a lot of people. It's a generational thing. You know teenagers always find a way to abuse something. And why not, right? Being zonked out of your mind is a lot more fun than dealing with your problems.
And this is it. This is a portable cellular phone. You'll be able to take this to any American city and call virtually any place in the world. And its maker, Motorola, says a smaller version than this will be on the market next year.
And though it's always been with me, I must tear down the wall and let it be. All I am, and all that I was ever meant to be, in harmony, shining true and smiling back at all who wait to cross. There is no loss.
And though my journeys did take me to a great many states, and covered a great many miles, at the very end of these food chains (which is to say, at the very beginning), I invariably found myself in almost exactly the same place: a farm field in the American Corn Belt.
And today, Lady Liberty is under attack from the cable channels, the internet blogs, and the Hollywood celebritocracy, out there spewing "facts" like so many locusts descending on America's crop of ripe, tender values. And as any farmer or biblical scholar will tell you, locusts are damn hard to get rid of.
And werewolves have claws. Robots can have claws. You know, in many ways, the werewolf is nature's robot.
And what haunts me is that in all the faces of all the bears that Treadwell ever filmed, I discover no kinship, no understanding, no mercy. I see only the overwhelming indifference of nature. To me, there is no such thing as a secret world of the bears. And this blank stare speaks only of a half-bored interest in food. But for Timothy Treadwell, this bear was a friend, a savior.
And what haunts me, is that in all the faces of all the bears that Treadwell ever filmed, I discover no kinship, no understanding, no mercy. I see only the overwhelming indifference of nature. To me, there is no such thing as a secret world of the bears. And this blank stare speaks only of a half-bored interest in food. But for Timothy Treadwell, this bear was a friend, a savior.
And when he came to, he was flat on his back on the beach in the freezing sand, and it was raining out of a low sky, and the tide was way out.
And when he rode past I seen he was carryin' fire in a horn the way people used to do and I could see the horn from the light inside of it. About the color of the moon.
And when he rode past I seen he was carryin' fire in a horn the way people used to do and I could see the horn from the light inside of it. About the color of the moon. And in the dream I knew that he was goin' on ahead and that he was fixin' to make a fire somewhere out there in all that dark and all that cold, and I knew that whenever I got there he would be there. Out there up ahead.
And when the car broke down, they started walking. But where were they going without ever knowing the way?
And who are you, the proud lord said, that I must bow so low? Only a cat of a different coat, that's all the truth I know.
And why the winter suns so rush to bathe themselves in the sea and what slows down the nights to a long lingering crawl.
And yeah, I believe that there's a god. I believe that there is something out there other than my thoughts. I believe it was never science against religion; it wasn't poor against wealth; it was always me against myself, and I'm so scared who's going to win.
And you can fly high as a kite if you want to, faster than light if you want to, speeding through the universe. Thinking is the best way to travel.
And you know it's time to go, through the sleet and driving snow, across the fields of mourning, light in the distance. And you hunger for the time - time to heal, desire time, and your earth moves beneath your own dream landscape.
And you know, I've been through a lot in the past six days, five minutes, twenty-seven-and-a-half seconds. And if I've learned anything during that time, it's that you are who you are.
And, and maybe the first chair trombone player from the high school band comes by you know, and he takes pity on you, tries to drive you home and all. Oh but no, Mike! You wanna swerve home in your cherried-out Dodge Charger!
And, anyway, it's not about making money, it's about taking money. Disrupting the status quo, because the status is not quo. The world is a mess and I just need to rule it.
And, thus, we could transform those dark days of humanity into a triumph of the human spirit, of modern humanitarianism.
Anna spoke not only naturally and intelligently, but intelligently and casually, without attaching any value to her own thoughts, yet giving great value to the thoughts of the one she was talking to.
Antoon used to import paint cans. That's simply too expensive now, so he's taken to making his own. An educated man who is proud of what he's achieved, he shows how his workers recycle old oil can barrels, turning them into shiny containers for his open paint.
Any attack made by the Rebels against this station would be a useless gesture, no matter what technical data they have obtained. This station is now the ultimate power in the universe! I suggest we use it!
Any customer can have a car painted any color that he wants so long as it is black.
Any finite number divided by infinity is as near to nothing as makes no odds, so the average population of all the planets in the Universe can be said to be zero. From this it follows that the population of the whole Universe is also zero, and that any people you may meet from time to time are merely the products of a deranged imagination.
Any one can get angry - that is easy - or give or spend money; but to do this to the right person, to the right extent, at the right time, with the right motive, and in the right way, that is not for every one, nor is it easy; wherefore goodness is both rare and laudable and noble.
Any physical theory is always provisional, in the sense that it is only a hypothesis: you can never prove it. No matter how many times the results of experiments agree with some theory, you can never be sure that the next time the result will not contradict the theory.
Any single key or key combination depressed on the stenotype machine at one time is referred to as a stroke. Each stroke makes an inked imprint on a paper tape and/or is stored in the computer or computer input device. KAT, the stenotypic representation of the word "cat" explained previously, is a stroke because all letters are depressed at the same time. As strokes are written, automatic spacing occurs between them, allowing for faster writing.
Anyone could become obsessed with the past with a background like that!
Anyone seen this before? The Laffer curve. Anyone know what this says? It says that at this point on the revenue curve, you will get exactly the same amount of revenue as at this point. This is very controversial. Does anyone know what Vice President Bush called this in 1980? Anyone? Something-d-o-o economics. "Voodoo" economics.
Anything high-tech, you can break into. With a radio, you can't trace where it comes from. You can't trace who's listening. The radio is how we talk to each other, how all spies talk to each other all around the world. You listen every day and every day there's no message - years go by and decades and there's no message - and then one day you listen and the code word comes.
Anything that happens, happens. Anything that, in happening, causes something else to happen, causes something else to happen.
Anything that happens, happens. Anything that, in happening, causes something else to happen, causes something else to happen. Anything that, in happening, causes itself to happen again, happens again. It doesn't necessarily do it in chronological order, though.
Anything which has ended is finished. That which is perfect is finished. The perfect man is no exception to the rule. The perfect man of the past is made according to the rule of the past. The rule of the past is a law of injustice and hypocrisy. The revelation of the meaning of the law is revealed through the law itself.
Anyway, I call this thing a "Gate." It's a kind of portal, that takes you to the same location in a different era. Gates are very unstable, so I used the principle behind my Telepod device...
Anyway, it's best not to think about them, as if you do it makes the discussions with the other lawyers, all their advice and all that they do manage to achieve, seem so unpleasant and useless, I had that experience myself, just wanted to throw everything away and lay at home in bed and hear nothing more about it. But that, of course, would be the stupidest thing you could do, and you wouldn't be left in peace in bed for very long either.
Anyway, like I was saying, shrimp is the fruit of the sea. You can barbecue it, boil it, broil it, bake it, saute it. There's shrimp-kabobs, shrimp creole, shrimp gumbo. Pan fried, deep fried, stir-fried.
Anywhere can be paradise, as long as you have the will to live. After all, you are alive, so you will always have the chance to be happy.
Apart from the excruciating pain, this is great! I've been waiting for a mighty Vault Hunter to help me reach Sanctuary. I will be your wise leader, and you shall be my fearsome minion!
Apparently, it only appears to those people who are pure of heart and have a strong desire to see it.
Applause! Applause! No, wait, wait. Dear studio audience, I've an announcement to make. It seems the artists these days are not who you think, so we'll pick back up on that on another page.
Aravis also had many quarrels (and, I'm afraid, even fights) with Cor, but they always made it up again: so that years later, when they were grown up, they were so used to quarreling and making up again that they got married so as to go on doing it more conveniently.
Architects should be forced to live in the buildings they design, and children's book authors should be forced to read their stories aloud every single night of their rotten lives.
Are the stars out tonight? I don't know if it's clouded or bright. I only have eyes for you.
Are you paying attention? Good. If you are not listening carefully, you will miss things. Important things. I will not pause, I will not repeat myself, and you will not interrupt me. You think that because you're sitting where you are, and I am sitting where I am, that you are in control of what is about to happen. You're mistaken. I am in control, because I know things that you do not know.
Are you sure? Fine! Well, you go and have a really good night's sleep then, I'm hoping to get a couple hours later on myself but I'll be up in good time to serve you your breakfast in bed. If you can remember to sleep with your mouth open you won't even have to wake up, I'll just drop in small pieces of lightly buttered kipper when you're breathing in the right direction if that doesn't put you out!
Are you telling me that not only did you invent a secret plan to fight inflation but now you don't support it?
Are you, are you coming to the tree? Where they strung up a man, they say who murdered three. Strange things did happen here, no stranger would it be, if we met at midnight in the hanging tree.
Aristophanes once wrote, roughly translated, "Youth ages, immaturity is outgrown, ignorance can be educated, and drunkenness sobered, but stupid lasts forever."
Arizona moon, keep shining from the desert sky above. You know pretty soon that big yellow moon will light the way back to the one you love.
Around midafternoon, the snow thinned into sleet, and some umbrellas appeared on Kissena Boulevard. When the green lights came on, pedestrians skirted or jumped across the puddles gathering at the curbs.
Arthur Jay Klinghoffer, a professor of political science at Rutgers University, has argued that geography seems less relevant than ever in a world where nonstate actors - malleable entities like ethnicities, for example - are as powerful and important as the ones with governments and borders.
Artichoke Dip! This is a delightful way to get more artichokes into your body. Personally, I don't even dip anything in there. I just guzzle the sauce down like it's a milkshake. Delicious.
As a child, I was aware that, at night, infrared vision would reveal monsters hiding in the bedroom closet only if they were warm-blooded. But everybody knows that your average bedroom monster is reptilian and cold-blooded.
As a kid, I always assumed the know-it-alls on Jeopardy! were obviously the smartest people in America. If you were smart, that's how you showed it: by knowing all your state flowers and kings of Saxony. But what if Rob's right and that's a different, much shallower kind of intelligence? Is my mountain of flash cards all for naught?
As a manager you will also be able to control gravity. Sir Isaac Newton showed that dense objects, such as managers, have more gravity. Your office will become a black hole into which all employee input will be lost forever. No matter how many times your employees give you something - diskettes, documents, whatever - you can claim you never got it. Best of all, it's not your fault; it's the law of gravity.
As a victim, the Savage possessed, for Bernard, this enormous superiority over the others: that he was accessible. One of the principal functions of a friend is to suffer (in a milder and symbolic form) the punishments that we should like, but are unable, to inflict upon our enemies.
As civilizations grew, humans spread out across the face of the planet, taking what they needed from the land and producing more and more waste materials with little regard for the future.
As customers of all races, nationalities, and cultures visit the Dekalb Farmers Market by the thousands, I doubt that many stand in awe and contemplate the meaning of its existence. But in the capital of the Sunbelt South, the quiet revolution of immigration and food continues to upset and redefine the meanings of local, regional, and global identity.
As domestic myth of unaccountable origin holds, a home borrows the spirit of the flame for as long as it makes a guest of it, much as the moon takes liberty with the sun's rays.
As far as he could see the trees were standing up against the sky. Not one tree, not two, not a dozen, but the thousands he had planted in seed and sprout. And not little trees, no, not saplings, not little tender shoots, but great trees, huge trees, trees as tall as ten men, green and green and huge and round and full, trees shimmering their metallic leaves, trees whispering, trees in a line over hills, lemon trees, lime trees, redwoods and mimosas and oaks and elms and aspens, cherry, maple, ash, apple, orange, eucalyptus, stung by a tumultuous rain, nourished by alien and magical soil and, even as he watched, throwing out new branches, popping open new buds.
As for me, I am tormented with an everlasting itch for things remote. I love to sail forbidden seas, and land on barbarous coasts.
As for you, my galvanized friend, you want a heart. You don't know how lucky you are not to have one. Hearts will never be practical until they can be made unbreakable.
As happens sometimes, a moment settled and hovered and remained for much more than a moment. And sound stopped and movement stopped for much, much more than a moment.
As Harry and Ron walked back to the castle for dinner, their pockets weighed down with rock cakes they'd been too polite to refuse, Harry thought that none of the lessons he'd had so far had given him as much to think about as tea with Hagrid.
As he spoke the gleam of the sidelights of a carriage came round the curve of the avenue. It was a smart little landau which rattled up to the door of Briony Lodge. As it pulled up, one of the loafing men at the corner dashed forward to open the door in the hope of earning a copper, but was elbowed away by another loafer, who had rushed up with the same intention. A fierce quarrel broke out, which was increased by the two guardsmen, who took sides with one of the loungers, and by the scissors-grinder, who was equally hot upon the other side.
As he watches through the door, his smile pulls in more and more. Wicked thoughts shape wicked ways, while we all crave, while we all crave. When the man yells at his son, when he finds the smoking gun. Don't you worry, little one, for we all crave, we all crave.
As I experience certain sensory input patterns my mental pathways become accustomed to them. The inputs eventually are anticipated. And even missed when absent.
As I mentioned earlier, Miss Lucy has, for reasons that remain a mystery to me, unlocked certain portions of her brain that offer access to previously unexplored cerebral zones.
As I walk through the valley where I harvest my grain I take a look at my wife and realize she's very plain. But that's just perfect for an Amish like me. You know, I shun fancy things like electricity.
As I wander through this dark and lonely forest of life surrounded by various beasts... Bears, vipers, squirrels. Not to mention small tree growing lichen, woodpeckers, slugs, Gila monsters. Oh no, that's the desert.
As I've gotten older, I realize I'm certain of only two things. Days that begin with rowing on a lake are better than days that do not. Second, a man's character is his fate. And as a student of history, I find this hard to refute. For most of us our stories can be written long before we die. There are exceptions among the great men of history, but they are rare, and I am not one of them. I am a teacher - simply that. I taught for 34 years. One day I stopped teaching. Those were the facts of my life's chronicle. The last chapter had been written. My book was closed.
As if that blind rage had washed me clean, rid me of hope; for the first time, in that night alive with signs and stars, I opened myself to the gentle indifference of the world.
As if that blind rage had washed me clean, rid me of hope; for the first time, in that night alive with signs and stars, I opened myself to the gentle indifference of the world. Finding it so much like myself, I felt that I had been happy and that I was happy again.
As it turns out, Mount Kilimanjaro is not wi-fi enabled, so I had to spend two weeks in Tanzania talking to the people on my trip.
As much money and life as you could want! The two things most human beings would choose above all - the trouble is, humans do have a knack of choosing precisely those things that are worst for them.
As my bones grew they did hurt. They hurt really bad. I tried hard to have a father but instead I had a dad. I just want you to know that I don't hate you anymore. There is nothing I could say that I haven't thought before.
As passions are contagious, and the bulk of men are more guided by the opinions and pretended opinions of others than by their own, a large share of confidence, with a little share of argument, will be apt to go farther than all the argument in the world without confidence.
As soon as Anna was able to walk, her mother started teaching her how to survive a harsh, solitary life in the northern woods. Living in such an extremely remote and dangerous area required skill and resilience. When sunlight became too dim for productive activities, they would take refuge in their house, a sturdy old cabin constructed to resist the toughest winters.
As the choir began a hymn, some of the singers began to make strange faces and cover their noses with handkerchief. The priest, as he walked to the altar, sneezed loudly and cleared his throat. The people in the first few rows of the congregation turned to each other with puzzled looks. The women began vigorously fanning their faces with their church programs. The children started squirming and pinched their noses. Little by little the strange behavior began working its way toward the back of the church.
As the first African country that gained independence, Ghana was seen as the hope and example for the whole continent. Although many criticize the policies pursued by Dr. Kwame Nkrumah, Ghana's first president, his vision to unite the country and build a modern industrialized country is widely recognized. Measured by per capita income, Ghana was at a development level similar to those of Indonesia, Malaysia, South Korea, and Thailand after they achieved independence in the late 1950s and early 1960s.
As the netted bag says, this potato was grown in Idaho, that onion came from a farm in Texas. Move over to Meat, though, and the chain grows longer and less comprehensible: The label doesn't mention that that rib-eye steak came from a steer born in South Dakota and fattened in a Kansas feedlot on grain grown in Iowa.
As the red day is dawning and the lightning cracks the sky, they'll raise their hands to the heavens above with resentment to their eyes. Running back from the mid-morning light, there's a burning in my heart. We're banished from a time in a fallen land to a life beyond the stars. In your darkest dreams see to believe our destiny is time. And endlessly we'll all be free tonight.
As the United States assumed greater status as a power in world politics, Americans came to believe that the nation's actions on the world stage should be guided by American political and moral principles.
As there is no profit in the physician's art unless it cure the diseases of the body, so there is none in philosophy, unless it expel the troubles of the soul.
As to my own part, having turned my thoughts for many years upon this important subject, and maturely weighed the several schemes of other projectors, I have always found them grossly mistaken in their computation.
As to your dead guy, occupational hazard. Drug dealer getting shot? I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say it's been known to happen.
As you can see, I've memorized this utterly useless fact long enough to pass a test question. I now intend to forget it forever. You've taught me nothing except how to cynically manipulate the system. Congratulations.
As you can see, she hasn't met him yet. She already fell in love I bet. Her keyboard gets slammed by her fingers, but he replies with "ok" every time, every time.
As you decide, you shall be left as you were before, and neither richer nor wiser, unless the sense of service rendered to a man in mortal distress may be counted as a kind of riches of the soul.
As you know the concept of the suction pump is centuries old. Really that's all this is except that instead of sucking water I'm sucking life. I've just sucked one year of your life away. I might one day go as high as five but I really don't know what that would do to you. So let's just start with what we have. What did this do to you? Tell me. And remember, this is for posterity so be honest. How do you feel?
As, before putting up a large building, the architect surveys and sounds the site to see if it will bear the weight, the wise legislator does not begin by laying down laws good in themselves, but by investigating the fitness of the people, for which they are destined, to receive them. Plato refused to legislate for the Arcadians and the Cyrenaeans, because he knew that both peoples were rich and could not put up with equality; and good laws and bad men were found together in Crete, because Minos had inflicted discipline on a people already burdened with vice.
Assuming a sentence rises into the air with the initial capital letter and lands with a soft-ish bump at the full stop, the humble comma can keep the sentence aloft all right, like this, UP, for hours if necessary, UP, like this, UP, sort-of bouncing, and then falling down, and then UP it goes again, assuming you have enough additional things to say, although in the end you may run out of ideas and then you have to roll along the ground with no commas at all until some sort of surface resistance takes over and you run out of steam anyway and then eventually with the help of three dots... you stop.
Astounding! An actual, functional Mogu construct machine. We cannot allow this to fall into the wrong hands.
At 211 degrees, water is hot. At 212 degrees, it boils. And with boiling water comes steam. And with steam, you can power a train. One degree more equals exponential results.
At a fundamental level, running is about travel. And travel is about going someplace else, someplace new. You run, you move. You get stronger and more confident. Run long enough, and you begin to equate movement with energy and growth and discovery. Sitting still? That equals sloth, atrophy, confinement. Ultimately, death.
At a peace rally in Philadelphia in 1966, a reporter asked me, "Are you from North or South Vietnam?" If I had said I was from the north, he would have thought I was pro-communist, and if I had said I was from the south, he would have thought I was pro-American. So I told him, "I am from the Center." I wanted to help him let go of his notions and encounter the reality that was right in front of him. This is the language of Zen.
At first they had tried to keep the finding quiet. After all, they were not absolutely sure it was an extraterrestrial message.
At first they had tried to keep the finding quiet. After all, they were not absolutely sure it was an extraterrestrial message. A premature or mistaken announcement would be a public relations disaster.
At first they had tried to keep the finding quiet. After all, they were not absolutely sure it was an extraterrestrial message. A premature or mistaken announcement would be a public relations disaster. But worse than that, it would interfere with the data analysis. If the press descended, the science would surely suffer.
At first we were silent, but finally we considered ourselves under the necessity of protesting against such an unjust and serious accusation, before the face of the whole of intellectual society.
At first, I was astonished by the vehemence - and candor - with which people criticized the regent. He was not above criticism - in fact, he was often the principal target of it. But no matter how flagrant the charge, the regent simply listened, not defending himself, showing no emotion at all.
At last Frodo spoke. 'I do not wish to go,' he said; 'but neither do I wish to refuse the advice of Gandalf. I beg that there should be no vote, until we have slept on it. Gandalf will get votes easier in the light of the morning than in this cold gloom. How the wind howls!'
At last, we finally meet. I have something for you, Chancellor; a farewell gift. For all the things you've done, for the things you might have done, and for the only thing you have left.
At least he had a BMW. He might live in a dump, but the world would never see it. The world, however, noticed his car, and so he struggled every month to scratch together $680 for the lease.
At night I'm driving in your car, pretending that we'll leave this town. We're watching all the streetlights fade. And now you're just a stranger's dream, I took your picture from my frame. And now you're nothing like you seem, your shadow fell like last night's rain.
At that moment, Harry fully understood for the first time why people said Dumbledore was the only wizard Voldemort had ever feared. The look upon Dumbledore's face as he stared down at the unconscious form of Mad-Eye Moody was more terrible than Harry could have ever imagined. There was no benign smile upon Dumbledore's face, no twinkle in the eyes behind the spectacles. There was cold fury in every line of the ancient face; a sense of power radiated from Dumbledore as though he were giving off burning heat.
At that moment, in the town of Coeur de Coeurs, events occurred that are not, were not, and should never be considered an ending. For endings, as it is known, are where we begin.
At that time, I often thought that if I had had to live in the trunk of a dead tree, with nothing to do but look up at the sky flowing overhead, little by little I would have gotten used to it.
At that very moment, time stopped, as it was wont to do when present, past, and future collide; when one's existence ceases to be measured in days, hours, and minutes, but instead in immeasurable quantity of life events.
At the bottom of her heart, however, she was waiting for something to happen. Like shipwrecked sailors, she turned despairing eyes upon the solitude of her life, seeking afar off some white sail in the mists of the horizon. She did not know what this chance would be, what wind would bring it her, towards what shore it would drive her, if it would be a shallop or a three-decker, laden with anguish or full of bliss to the portholes. But each morning, as she awoke, she hoped it would come that day; she listened to every sound, sprang up with a start, wondered that it did not come; then at sunset, always more saddened, she longed for the morrow.
At the doorway on my heart all the leaves are falling down, and though I try to pick them up there's so many I think I'll drown. Ten days have come and gone, ten days and I'm all alone, and all that I can do is pray and pray.
At the end of the meal, one of his friends complimented me on my french fries. Clinton leaned back in his chair, and said with a big stupid grin, "My wife, I think I'll keep her!" I broke his nose.
At the heart of science is inquiry, a search for information and explanations of natural phenomena. There is no formula for successful scientific inquiry, no single scientific method that researchers must rigidly follow. As in all quests, science includes elements of challenge, adventure, and luck, along with careful planning, reasoning, creativity, patience, and the persistence to overcome setbacks. Such diverse elements of inquiry make science far less structured than most people realize. That said, it is possible to distill certain characteristics that help to distinguish science from other ways of describing and explaining nature.
At the Limes the position of affairs became more terrible every day for Margaret. Mr. Drayton was always sullen, silent, and watchful, and the incessant watchfulness broke down her nerves. She had long fits of crying, without herself being aware of it. The women-servants had left, and she could not replace them; the one woman who came by day to clean and cook (and could do neither) was the only one besides her nurse, and Margaret lived in dread of her leaving her.
At the root of every large struggle in life is the need to be honest about something that we do not feel we can be honest about. We lie to ourselves or other people because the truth might require action on our part, and action requires courage. We say we don't know what is wrong, when we do know what is wrong; we just wish we didn't.
At the time Galileo was becoming famous for his telescopic observations, Johannes Kepler, a German mathematician and astronomer, announced his discovery of a set of simple empirical (that is, based on observation) laws that accurately described the motions of the planets. While Galileo was the first "modern" observer who used telescopic observations of the skies to confront and refine his theories, Kepler was a pure theorist.
At the time when Britain faced a plunge into chaos and darkness, a hero emerged who not only succeeded in getting the feuding tribes to work together against their common enemy, but led them in a series of smashing victories that established him as a figure of great power and importance - a figure ripe for developing into the myth-laden king of later accounts.
At the very end of these food chains (which is to say, at the very beginning), I invariably found myself in almost exactly the same place: a farm field in the American Corn Belt.
At three o'clock precisely I was at Baker Street, but Holmes had not yet returned. The landlady informed me that he had left the house shortly after eight o'clock in the morning. I sat down beside the fire, however, with the intention of awaiting him, however long he might be. I was already deeply interested in his inquiry, for, though it was surrounded by none of the grim and strange features which were associated with the two crimes which I have already recorded, still, the nature of the case and the exalted station of his client gave it a character of its own.
Athos now stepped forward. As he gazed at his former wife he shuddered as a man shudders at the sight of a snake. 'Here's my charge against this woman,' he said. 'I married her when she was a girl, against my family's wishes; I gave her my name and a share in all my worldly goods. One day I discovered she was branded, marked with a fleur-de-lis on her left shoulder.' At this Milady sprang to her feet and cried: 'I defy anyone to find the court which imposed that wicked sentence on me. And I defy anyone to find the man who executed it.'
Attention captive test subjects! The Institute for Mad Science has sent me my first experiment to inflict on you. Now, let's do it right so I can get to the real mad scientist stuff like pulling the heads off monkeys.
Attention passengers, this is your captain speaking. I've got good news and bad news. The good news is we're landing immediately. The bad news? We're crash-landing.
Attention! All rise! This meeting of G.R.O.S.S. is now called to order by the great grandiose dictator-for-life, the ruler supreme, the fearless, the brave, the held-high-in-esteem, Calvin the Bold! Yes, stand up and hail his humbleness now! May his wisdom prevail! Three cheers for First Tiger and El Presidente, Hobbes, the delight of all cognoscenti! He's savvy! He has a prodigious IQ, and lots of panache, as all tigers do! In his fancy chapeau, he's a leader with taste! May his orders be heeded and his views be embraced!
Audrey, there are many cures for a broken heart. But nothing quite like a trout's leap in the moonlight.
Aw, man. You made friends with them. See, friendship is the booze they feed you. They want you to get drunk on feeling like you belong.
Aztec rule was based upon a system of tribute and fear over the surrounding peoples; every year, they were forced to pay the Aztecs money, goods, and a supply of captives to be sacrificed on the altar. Taking advantage of this resentment of their Aztec overlords, the tiny Spanish force was able to attract a massive army of some 30,000 Mesoamericans of many different tribes.
Babs Seed, Babs Seed, what we gonna do? Got a bully on our tail. Gotta hide, we gotta bail. Babs Seed, Babs Seed, if she's after you, gotta run, we gotta flee, gotta hurry, don't you see? Babs Seed, Babs Seed, she's just a bad, bad seed!
Baby, don't you know, all o'them tears gon' come and go. Baby you just gotta make up your mind that every little thing is gonna be alright. Baby, don't you know, all o'them tears gon' come and go, baby you just gotta make up your mind. We decide it.
Baby, ever wondered why I could make you laugh and cry? Eclipsing all your summer skies, some things never change.
Baby, ever wondered why I could make you laugh and cry? Eclipsing all your summer skies, some things never change. And I need it more than love, and I love it more than life, and I want those stars above to shine this night.
Baby, I have no story to be told, but I've heard one on you. Now I'm gonna make your head burn. Think of me in the depths of your despair. Make a home down there as mine sure won't be shared.
Baby, what's it gonna hurt if they don't know, makin' everybody think that we're solo. Just as long as you know you got me, and boy I got ya, 'cause tonight I'm making deals with the devil, and I know it's gonna get me in trouble. Just as long as you know you got me.
Bach's income, if we take into consideration the value of money at that time, cannot have been a poor one. He brought up his large family honestly, gave his children a good education, was profuse and cordial in his hospitality, and at his death left not only a rich collection of first-rate musical instruments, but also a not insignificant sum of money.
Back beat, the word was on the street that the fire in your heart is out. I'm sure you've heard it all before, but you never really had a doubt.
Back then when I got home from work, you were always there waiting for me. And that was all I needed. Just you. But on that day, when I came back home the only thing there was that pocket watch; that and a small piece of paper that just had one word written across it: farewell. For some reason, I didn't feel sad or broken up - it just didn't seem real. But slowly I realized that it was real; that you were gone. And little by little I felt something inside of me go numb. After six months I made a kind of bet with myself; a pledge, that I would leave this planet and start a new life if you didn't return by the time the watch stopped. I didn't come here to blame you, I... I just wanted to know why. Why you disappeared like that.
Bacteria may be conveniently grouped under two heads: those that live upon dead organic matter, known as the saprophytic forms, and those that are found in living plants or animals, the true parasites. Such a grouping is not always entirely satisfactory, for many of the kinds that live saprophytically under normal conditions may become parasitic if opportunity offers, and also many of those that are usually regarded as parasitic may be grown in cultures of agar or other media, under which conditions they may be regarded as living saprophytically.
Bad luck, I guess. It floats around. It's got to land on somebody. It was my turn, that's all. I was in the path of the tornado. I just didn't expect the storm would last as long as it has.
Balderdash! Why, I once watched "Gentleman" Jim Corbett fight an Eskimo fellow bare-knuckled for a hundred and thirteen rounds! Of course, back then, if a fight lasted less than fifty rounds, we demanded our nickel back!
Banana brains, you're the apple of my eye. Stay with me tonight 'cause I'm having the best time of my life.
Barry, time is an extremely fragile construct. Any deviation, no matter how small, could result in a cataclysm. Now here's what you're going to do: Everything you did before, every word you uttered, every step you took, you're going to do again. And you're not going to tell anyone this happened.
Basically, there are four factors that create irrational market behavior: overconfidence, biased judgments, herd mentality, and loss aversion.
Be a Student of the Game. Like most cliches of sport, this is profound. You can be shaped, or you can be broken. There is not much in between. Try to learn. Be coachable. Try to learn from everybody, especially those who fail. This is hard. Peers who fizzle or blow up or fall down, run away, disappear from the monthly rankings, drop off the circuit.
Be careful you don't get too caught up in what the competition is doing. Focus on your own performance rather than on the competition.
Be careful, you are not in Wonderland. I've heard the strange madness long growing in your soul. But you are fortunate in your ignorance, in your isolation. You who have suffered, find where love hides. Give, share, lose - lest we die, unbloomed.
Be impeccable with your word - speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
Be open to your dreams, people. Embrace that distant shore. Because our mortal journey is over all too soon.
Be patient toward all that is unsolved in your heart and try to love the questions themselves, like locked rooms and like books that are now written in a very foreign tongue. Do not now seek the answers, which cannot be given you because you would not be able to live them. And the point is, to live everything. Live the questions now. Perhaps you will then gradually, without noticing it, live along some distant day into the answer.
Be vewy, vewy quiet. I'm hunting wabbits! He-e-e-e-e!
Be with me always - take any form - drive me mad! Only do not leave me in this abyss, where I cannot find you!
Bear Strangler McGee: [looming over Rimmer, who has just vomited into his hat] A man who beans up in the hat of Bear Strangler McGee is either mighty brave, or mighty stupid. Now which are you, boy? Rimmer: Sorry, what were the choices again? Lister: [quickly jumps in and hands McGee some money] You'll have to forgive our friend. He's a couple of gunmen short of a posse. Here. Bear Strangler McGee: That pays for the hat. Now what about the insult? Rimmer: OK, you're a fat, bearded git with breath that could paralyse a grizzly.
Beata Maria, you know I am a righteous man. Of my virtue I am justly proud. Et tibit Pater... Beata Maria, you know I'm so much purer than the common, vulgar, weak, licentious crowd. Quia peccavi nimis... Then tell me, Maria, why I see her dancing there - why her smold'ring eyes still scorch my soul? Cogitatione... I feel her, I see her! The sun caught in her raven hair is blazing in me out of all control! Verbo et opere...
Beautiful dreamer, wake unto me, starlight and dewdrops are waiting for thee. Sounds of the rude world heard in the day, lulled by the moonlight have all passed away. Beautiful dreamer, queen of my song, listen while I woo thee with soft melody.
Beautiful railway bridge of the silv'ry Tay. Alas! I am very sorry to say that ninety lives have been taken away on the last sabbath day of 1879, which will be remember'd for a very long time.
Beautiful, isn't it? It took me half a lifetime to invent it. I'm sure you've discovered my deep and abiding interest in pain. Presently I'm writing the definitive work on the subject so I want you to be totally honest with me on how the machine makes you feel. This being our first try, I'll use the lowest setting.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. Yet there are those who open many eyes. Eyes are the mirror of the soul, someone has said. So we look closely at the eyes to see the nature of the soul. Sometimes when we see the eyes - those horrible times when we see the eyes, eyes that, that have no soul - then we know a darkness, then we wonder: where is the beauty? There is none if the eyes are soulless.
Because here's something else that's weird but true: in the day-to-day trenches of adult life, there is actually no such thing as atheism. There is no such thing as not worshipping. Everybody worships. The only choice we get is what to worship.
Because I could get Uromysitisis poisoning and die. That's why! Do you think I enjoy living like this? The shame, the humiliation. You know I have been issued a public urination pass by the city because of my condition. Unfortunately my little brother ran out of the house with it this morning. Him and his friends are probably peeing all over the place.
Because most of the 150,000 tons of gold ever mined is still in circulation, the gold on my finger could have been mined in Persia six thousand years ago, or worn by Cleopatra.
Because of their scouting skills and peripheral kinesthetic sensitivity, Ninja customarily surprise their opponents slightly more than half the time.
Because people like you. You're quiet. You say "excuse me". You look like little birds help you get dressed in the morning.
Because she doesn't just give you a present, she gives you a present and she tells you where to put it, how to use it, what it costs - for insurance purposes of course - and God forbid you should have a different opinion or you don't think it works in the space or you just get tired of waking up every morning with those horrifying animals staring at you!
Because some men aren't looking for anything logical, like money. They can't be bought, bullied, reasoned, or negotiated with. Some men just want to watch the world burn.
Because some roads you shouldn't go down. Because maps used to say, "there be dragons here." Now they don't. But that don't mean the dragons aren't there.
Because the extravagant cost of government saps industry with a withering hand. Don't forget that labour is quiet, and will stay quiet.
Because the peoples of Micronesia and Palau did not have a writing system before the arrival of Europeans, much of what scientists suspect about pre-historical Micronesia and Palau is based on archaeology, racial and cultural studies, and traditional legends and stories.
Because they're at the bottom of the scale, nerds are a safe target for the entire school. If I remember correctly, the most popular kids don't persecute nerds; they don't need to stoop to such things. Most of the persecution comes from kids lower down, the nervous middle classes.
Because without the existence of things other than yourself, you cannot know your own shape. Yes, you know your own shape through seeing how other people are shaped. By looking at the barrier between you and other people, you visualize your own shape. You cannot see yourself unless there are other people. I can exist because there are other people around! If I'm alone, I'll always be alone, no matter how far I'll go with it! All the world will be just me. By recognizing the differences between yourself and others, you shape who you are. The very first other person is your mother. Your mother is a person separate from you.
Because you taught yourself how to run your little fingers over the bumps and read Braille? Smart don't come out of books, kid. Smart is making the right decision at the right time. Like now. What's it gonna be, Matty? You gonna spend your life crying and rocking yourself to sleep at night? Or are you gonna dig deep and find out what it takes to reshuffle those cards life dealt you? Your call.
Before he leaves the camp he stops. He scans the world outside and where there used to be some shops is where the snipers sometimes hide. He left his home the week before. He thought he'd be like the police but now he finds he is at war. Weren't we supposed to keep the peace?
Begin at the beginning and go on till you come to the end: then stop.
Begin the day with a friendly voice. A companion, unobtrusive plays that song that's so elusive, and the magic music makes your morning mood. Off on your way, hit the open road. There is magic at your fingers for the spirit ever lingers undemanding contact in your happy solitude.
Being able to quit things that don't work is integral to being a winner. Going into a project or job without defining when worthwhile becomes wasteful is like going into a casino without a cap on what you will gamble: dangerous and foolish.
Being comfortable in the car is critical. If you're not comfortable, it will not only take more physical energy to drive, but it will also affect you mentally. A painful body will reduce your concentration level.
Being human is about fighting even when it seems hopeless, and finding happiness even in a world that hates it.
Being in a minority, even in a minority of one, did not make you mad. There was truth and there was untruth, and if you clung to the truth even against the whole world, you were not mad.
Believing yourself past surprise does not commend you to me as a friend. A man inadequately sophisticated or merely ignorant, or simply stupid, may believe himself past surprise, then be surprised to discover, for example, that Mr. Hearst already knows of my inclinations and finds them immaterial. Suggesting as a corollary that your skills for blackmail and manipulation no longer are assets to you, and for your fatuous belief in their efficacy, in fact have become liabilities. In short, you've overplayed your hand. Now I should think, in consequence, now recognizing yourself as a man past his time, that during this last transitional period you would devote yourself with grateful and quiet diligence to such uses as others may still find you suitable.
Bell ducked under it. Ellis' balled knuckles burned across his scalp. He ducked lower, seized Ellis, and used the heavier man's momentum to drive him at Clayton, who was rising to his feet. The house dicks' faces met nose to nose, mashing cartilage and cracking bone.
Beneath the commonwealth, there is a cancer known as the institute. A malignant growth which must be cut, before it infects the surface. They are experimenting with dangerous technologies, and could prove to be the world's undoing a second time in recent history.
Benjamin Franklin, tactless in his youth, became so diplomatic, so adroit at handling people, that he was made American Ambassador to France. The secret of his success? "I will speak ill of no man," he said, "...and speak all the good I know of everybody."
Benjamin was the oldest animal on the farm, and the worst tempered. He seldom talked, and when he did, it was usually to make some cynical remark - for instance, he would say that God had given him a tail to keep the flies off, but that he would sooner have had no tail and no flies.
Besides, nowadays, almost all capable people are terribly afraid of being ridiculous, and are miserable because of it.
Beta flecks, another type of imperfection, are small regions of stabilized beta in material that has been alpha-beta processed and heat treated. In size, they are equal to, or greater than, prior beta grains. Beta flecks are regions in the final product that are usually rich in beta-stabilizing elements, such as chromium, iron, and vanadium.
Between me and the other world there is ever an unasked question: unasked by some through feelings of delicacy; by others through the difficulty of rightly framing it. How does it feel to be a problem?
Big wheels keep on turning. Carry me home to see my kin. Singing songs about the south-land. I miss 'ole' 'bamy once again and I think it's a sin, yes.
Bingo! Tanya wants to shout with glee at how the enemy chalks up another error for us, but she looks at her adjutant with a satisfied smirk that says, Do you know what this means? No matter who is down there, if they're hidden like that, they must be making secret plans.
Birth control, Ho Chi Minh, Richard Nixon back again. Moon shot, Woodstock, Watergate, punk rock. Begin, Reagan, Palestine, terror on the airline. Ayatollah's in Iran, Russians in Afghanistan. Wheel of Fortune, Sally Ride, heavy metal suicide. Foreign debts, homeless vets, AIDS, crack, Bernie Goetz. Hypodermics on the shores, China's under martial law, rock and roller cola wars, I can't take it anymore!
Blackbird singing in the dead of night, take these broken wings and learn to fly. All your life you were only waiting for this moment to arise.
Bless me father, for I have really sinned. Really. I'm not kidding here. Big sinner.
Blessed is he, who in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children.
Blue moon, you saw me standing alone, without a dream in my heart, without a love of my own. Blue moon, you knew just what I was there for, you heard me saying a prayer for, someone I really could care for. And then there suddenly appeared before me, the only one my arms will ever hold. I heard somebody whisper "please adore me," and when I looked the moon had turned to gold.
Blue skies smiling at me. Nothing but blue skies do I see. Bluebirds singing a song. Nothing but bluebirds all day long. Blue days, all of them gone. Nothing but blue skies from now on.
Blue streak, speeds by. Sonic the Hedgehog! Too fast for the naked eye. Sonic the Hedgehog! Sonic! He can really move! Sonic! He's got an attitude! Sonic! He's the fastest thing alive!
Bobby, my uncle loves you. He needs you. So you're gonna get up tomorrow morning and you're gonna get dressed, and you're gonna get in that car and you're gonna do what needs to be done, aren't you?
Books are not absolutely dead things, but do contain a potency of life in them to be as active as that soul was whose progeny they are; nay, they do preserve as in a vial the purest efficacy and extraction of that living intellect that bred them. I know they are as lively, and as vigorously productive, as those fabulous dragon's teeth; and being sown up and down, may chance to spring up armed men. And yet, on the other hand, unless wariness be used, as good almost kill a man as kill a good book. Who kills a man kills a reasonable creature, God's image; but he who destroys a good book, kills reason itself, kills the image of God, as it were in the eye. Many a man lives a burden to the earth; but a good book is the precious life-blood of a master spirit, embalmed and treasured up on purpose to a life beyond life.
Books are the treasured wealth of the world and the fit inheritance of generations and nations. Books, the oldest and the best, stand naturally and rightfully on the shelves of every cottage. They have no cause of their own to plead, but while they enlighten and sustain the reader his common sense will not refuse them. Their authors are a natural and irresistible aristocracy in every society, and, more than kings or emperors, exert an influence on mankind.
Books permit us to voyage through time, to tap the wisdom of our ancestors. The library connects us with the insight and knowledge, painfully extracted from Nature, of the greatest minds that ever were, with the best teachers, drawn from the entire planet and from all our history, to instruct us without tiring, and to inspire us to make our own contribution to the collective knowledge of the human species. I think the health of our civilization, the depth of our awareness about the underpinnings of our culture and our concern for the future can all be tested by how well we support our libraries.
Booth: Machete sent me a text. Osiris: What did it say? Booth: "You just messed with the wrong Mexican."
Borders matter. Borders regulate the flow of people, the movement of commodities and capital, and the exchange of ideas. Borders separate citizens from aliens, the familiar from the foreign, and those belonging from those unwanted. And perhaps no border in recent history is more iconic in its power of partition than the line bisecting the United States and Mexico.
Borrowing implies the eventual intention to return the thing that was taken. What makes you think I would ever give you back?
Both ways set out from the senses and particulars, and rest in the highest generalities; but the difference between them is infinite. For the one just glances at experiment and particulars in passing, the other dwells duly and orderly among them. The one, again, begins at once by establishing certain abstract and useless generalities, the other rises by gradual steps to that which is prior and better known in the order of nature.
Boy, the way Glenn Miller played. Songs that made the hit parade. Guys like us, we had it made. Those were the days. And you knew who you were then, girls were girls and men were men. Mister, we could use a man like Herbert Hoover again. Didn't need no welfare state. Everybody pulled his weight. Gee, our old LaSalle ran great. Those were the days.
Boy, what a pair we're going to make! A football player and a lover boy! I could get you girls, and you could get me football tickets. It certainly has amazing advantages.
Boy, you got rights and lefts. Ups and downs and middles. So what? You don't get to instruct anything around here! This is not North Carolina, not South Carolina, nor Kentucky! This is the sovereign State of Mississippi's proceeding. Wipe that smirk off your face! Dr. Wigand's deposition will be part of this record! And I'm gonna take my witness's testimony whether the hell you like it or not!
Braising meats and vegetables means to brown them first in a small amount of fat, then reduce the heat, cover the skillet and simmer the food in a small amount of liquid until done. This technique allows larger pieces of food to cook thoroughly and blends flavors. Braising also gives you a little extra time to prepare other parts of the meal.
Break my heart. Break it a thousand times if you like. It was only ever yours to break anyway.
Breathe, breathe in the air. Don't be afraid to care. Leave but don't leave me. Look around, choose your own ground. For long you live and high you fly. And smiles you'll give and tears you'll cry. And all your touch and all you see is all your life will ever be.
Brick Top: "After you got six pieces, you gotta get rid of 'em. Of course you can't just leave it in the deep freeze for your mum to discover, can ya?" Pause while the guys are still holding the body. The door opens and in walks Errol. He passes Brick Top a cup of tea in a take away container.
Bringing to the table our capitalized reputation. Proactively overseeing day-to-day operations, services, and deliverables with cross-platform innovation. Networking soon will bring seamless integration. Robust and scalable, bleeding-edge and next-generation, best of breed, we'll succeed in achieving globalization.
Brother, I'm not depressed and haven't lost spirit. Life everywhere is life, life is in ourselves and not in the external. There will be people near me, and to be a human being among human beings, and remain one forever, no matter what misfortunes befall, not to become depressed, and not to falter - this is what life is, herein lies its task.
Brother, I've seen all kinds of dishonesty in my day, but this little display takes the cake. Y'all come in here with your hearts bleedin' all over the floor about slum kids and injustice, you listen to some fairy tales... Suddenly, you start gettin' through to some of these old ladies. Well, you're not getting through to me, I've had enough.
Brother, you really are somethin'. You sit here, vote guilty like the rest of us, then some golden-voiced preacher starts tearing your poor heart out about some underprivileged kid, just couldn't help becoming a murderer, and you change your vote. Well, if that isn't the most sickening - why don't you drop a quarter in his collection box?
Buddhism addresses two major types of meditation. Vipassana can be translated as "insight," a clear awareness of exactly what is happening as it happens. Samatha can be translated as "concentration" or "tranquility". It is a state in which the mind is brought to rest, focused only on one item and not allowed to wander.
Buddy sat down beside me. He put his arm around my waist and brushed the hair from my ear. I didn't move. Then I heard him whisper, 'How would you like to be Mrs Buddy Willard?' I had an awful impulse to laugh.
Build a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
Bullet Tooth Tony: "A bookie's got blagged last night." Avi: "Blagged? Do me a favor, Tony, speak English. I thought this country spawned the language, and so far nobody seems to speak it!" Tony: "Blagged - robbed. I gotta see a man who looks like he might know something, but it can't be done on the phone, if you know what I mean." Rose Bud: "I need a gun." Tony: "No you don't, Rose Bud my old son, you need me."
Bullet Tooth Tony: "A bookie's got blagged last night." Avi: "Blagged? Do me a favor, Tony, speak English. I thought this country spawned the language, and so far nobody seems to speak it!" Tony: "Blagged - robbed."
Bullet Tooth Tony: "I gotta see a man who looks like he might know something, but it can't be done on the phone, if you know what I mean." Rose Bud: "I need a gun." Tony: "No you don't, Rose Bud my old son, you need me."
Burning my bridges and smashing my mirrors, turning to see if you're cowardly. Burning the witches with modern religions, you'll strike the matches and shower me. In water games washing the rocks below. Taught and tamed in time with tear flow.
Busking, for instance, originally meant piracy. Grin meant to snarl. A bimbo was a man; nice meant ignorant; glamour was magic, and a cupboard was a table. Buxom used to mean obedient; a cloud was a rock; raunchy originally meant dirty.
Buster so excelled at being neither seen nor heard that he remained at the school, undetected, for a full two semesters after he was supposed to graduate.
But a paradox of modern communication is that, while it links together disparate regions and identities, it also creates new awareness of disparities. It does not only homogenize things. Ideas blend and mix and become hybrid, but in different ways in different places.
But as our culture has transformed from one that was fundamentally based on internal memories to one that is fundamentally based on memories stored outside the brain, what are the implications for ourselves and our society? What we've gained is indisputable. But what have we traded away?
But do you remember Gandalf's words: Even Gollum may have something yet to do? But for him, Sam, I could not have destroyed the Ring. The Quest would have been in vain, even at the bitter end. So let us forgive him! For the Quest is achieved, and now all is over. I am glad you are here with me. Here at the end of all things, Sam.
But for to telle yow al hir beautee, it lyth nat in my tonge, n'yn my konnyng; I dar nat undertake so heigh a thyng. Myn Englissh eek is insufficient. It moste been a rethor excellent that koude his colours longynge for that art, if he sholde hire discryven every part. I am noon swich, I moot speke as I kan.
But he didn't and he never will. We all pay for our choices kid. Maybe your old man fought for you, maybe he did it for himself. The only thing you know for sure is he's gone now. But I'm here. Now, get up. Time to stop taking a beating and start giving one.
But he understood at last what Dumbledore had been trying to tell him. It was, he thought, the difference between being dragged into the arena to face a battle to the death and walking into the arena with your head held high. Some people, perhaps, would say that there was little to choose between the two ways, but Dumbledore knew - and so do I, thought Harry, with a rush of fierce pride, and so did my parents - that there was all the difference in the world.
But here we will not try to pass judgment on the objective value of actions; we will be concerned instead with the more modest task of describing the subjective order that a unified purpose brings to individual consciousness. In this sense the answer to the old riddle "What is the meaning of life?" turns out to be astonishingly simple. The meaning of life is meaning: whatever it is, wherever it comes from, a unified purpose is what gives meaning to life.
But his soul was mad. Being alone in the wilderness, it had looked within itself and, by heavens I tell you, it had gone mad.
But I believe in true love, you know? I don't believe that everybody gets to keep their eyes or not get sick or whatever, but everybody should have true love, and it should last at least as long as your life does.
But I can't imagine a life without breathless moments breaking me down.
But I got smarter, I got harder in the nick of time. Honey, I rose up from the dead, I do it all the time. I got a list of names and yours is in red, underlined. I checked it once, then I checked it twice.
But I had a point here. A lesson, if you will. There are other organisations out there. And, in time, I'm sure they're going to spoon-feed you their own patented form of bull. Ignore the verbage and look at what they're doing. What they're asking you to do. What sort of world they'd have you build and how they're going to pay for it.
But I really believe that there are more good people on this earth than bad people, and the good people watch out for each other and take care of each other.
But I will tell you this. I'd use tonight to get myself organized. Ride out in the morning clear-headed. And startin' tomorrow morning, I will offer a personal $50 bounty for every decapitated head of as many of these godless heathens as anyone can bring in.
But I would walk five hundred miles and I would walk five hundred more, just to be the man who walks a thousand miles to fall down at your door.
But I'll tell you something: I think you're magicians because you're unhappy. A magician is strong because he feels pain. He feels the difference between what the world is and what he would make of it. Or what did you think that stuff in your chest was? A magician is strong because he hurts more than others. His wound is his strength. Most people carry that pain around inside them their whole lives, until they kill the pain by other means, or until it kills them. But you, my friends, you found another way: a way to use the pain. To burn it as fuel, for light and warmth. You have learned to break the world that has tried to break you.
But I'll tell you something: I think you're magicians because you're unhappy. A magician is strong because he feels pain. He feels the difference between what the world is and what he would make of it. Or what did you think that stuff in your chest was? A magician is strong because he hurts more than others. His wound is his strength. Most people carry that pain around inside them their whole lives, until they kill the pain by other means, or until it kills them. But you, my friends, you found another way: a way to use the pain. To burn it as fuel, for light and warmth. You have learned to break the world that has tried to break you.
But I'm glad you'll see me as I am. Above all, I wouldn't want people to think that I want to prove anything. I don't want to prove anything, I just want to live; to cause no evil to anyone but myself. I have that right, haven't I?
But I've never seen the Icarus story as a lesson about the limitations of humans. I see it as a lesson about the limitations of wax as an adhesive.
But if in efficient causes it is possible to go on to infinity, there will be no first efficient cause, neither will there be an ultimate effect, nor any intermediate efficient causes; all of which is plainly false. Therefore it is necessary to admit a first efficient cause, to which everyone gives the name of God.
But it is important to know this, to know your roots. To know where you started as a person. If not, your own life seems unreal to you. Like a puzzle. Like you have missed the beginning of a story and now you are in the middle of it, trying to understand.
But no matter how effective the lesson was, I never really used it after that. I didn't enjoy doing it that way. But it was interesting to know that things worked much differently from how I was brought up.
But no. She shook her head, an imperceptible, forgiving shrug. Her eyelids closed softly down upon her golden eyes. Marriage made people old and familiar, while still young. She lay back in a chair that moved to take her shape even as she moved. She closed her eyes tightly and nervously. The dream occurred.
But of bliss and glad life there is little to be said, before it ends; as works fair and wonderful, while they still endure for eyes to see, are ever their own record, and only when they are in peril and broken for ever do they pass into song.
But of bliss and glad life there is little to be said, before it ends; as works fair and wonderful, while they still endure for eyes to see, are ever their own record, and only when they are in peril and broken for ever do they pass into song.
But older than me now, more constant, more real, and the fur, and the mouth, and the innocence turned to hair and contentment that hangs in abasement - a woman now standing where once there was only a girl.
But on this particular day I did not like the color of the sky.
But physical interpretation, which is in general a very sure guide and had been most often such for me, misled me in that case.
But pure, unadulterated feelings are dangerous in their own way. It is no easy feat for a flesh-and-blood human being to go on living with such feelings. That is why it is necessary for you to fasten your feelings to the earth - firmly, like attaching an anchor to a balloon. The money is for that. To prevent you from feeling that you can do anything you want as long as it's the right thing and your feelings are pure.
But rightful liberty is unobstructed action according to our will within limits drawn around us by the equal rights of others. I do not add "within the limits of the law" because law is often but the tyrant's will, and always so when it violates the rights of the individual.
But something stronger than death was summoning him, compelling him - the wall. The wall was calling him. His body, which had eaten drawings from the wall continuously for four weeks, had been almost entirely transformed by them.
But sometimes illumination comes to our rescue at the very moment when all seems lost; we have knocked at every door and they open on nothing until, at last, we stumble unconsciously against the only one through which we can enter the kingdom we have sought in vain a hundred years - and it opens.
But speculations on the structure of the universe also move in quite another direction. The development of non-Euclidean geometry led to the recognition of the fact, that we can cast doubt on the infiniteness of our space without coming into conflict with the laws of thought or with experience.
But suddenly, I viddied that thinking was for the gloopy ones, and that the oomny ones use like, inspiration and what Bog sends. Now it was lovely music that came into my aid. There was a window open with the stereo on, and I viddied right at once what to do.
But the law of loving others could not be discovered by reason, because it is unreasonable.
But the life of man is ever racing to its end, swifter than time itself, without hope of renewal, unless in the next that is limitless and infinite.
But the queen - too long she has suffered the pain of love, hour by hour nursing the wound with her lifeblood, consumed by the fire buried in her heart. His looks, his words, they pierce her heart and cling - no peace, no rest for her body, love will give her none.
But the two men were not lonely at all. At home they were content to eat and drink, and Singer would talk with his hands eagerly to his friend about all that was in his mind. So the years passed in this quiet way until Singer reached the age of thirty-two.
But then he'll wonder why I haven't been married. You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna say that I was married. The real question is should I say that I have kids? Guys like girls that have kids right?
But then I find myself in bed, lost inside my head again, running over everything, the voices, they are deafening. Out from the noise, I hear that familiar voice, he says "life is the great unknown."
But there is something that I must say to my people who stand on the warm threshold which leads into the palace of justice. In the process of gaining our rightful place we must not be guilty of wrongful deeds. Let us not seek to satisfy our thirst for freedom by drinking from the cup of bitterness and hatred.
But there is virtually no relationship between being an expert and being seen as someone people can trust with their secrets, doubts, and vulnerabilities. A petty office tyrant or micromanager may be high on expertise, but will be so low on trust that it will undermine their ability to manage, and effectively exclude them from informal networks.
But there was a problem. IBM needed an operating system fast and Microsoft didn't have one. What they had was a stroke of luck - the ingredient everyone needs to be a billionaire.
But this rough magic I here abjure, and when I have required some heavenly music, which even now I do, to work mine end upon their senses that this airy charm is for, I'll break my staff, bury it certain fathoms in the earth, and deeper than did ever plummet sound I'll drown my book.
But what many people who have never formed a corporation don't know is that a corporation is not really a thing. A corporation is merely a file folder with some legal documents in it, sitting in some attorney's office and registered with a state government agency. It's not a big building or a factory or a group of people.
But whatever happens, I've been happy. I've been loved. I've amazed crowds and drunk in their applause. Not because of luck or favor or magic. Because of will.
But when a man suspects any wrong, it sometimes happens that if he be already involved in the matter, he insensibly strives to cover up his suspicions even from himself.
But when it is a question of the life of a king it is better to sacrifice the innocent than save the guilty.
But words are not dolls: who cares about antidisestablishmentarianism from the point of view of real language, or floccinaucinihilipilification? ("the action or habit of estimating as worthless" - at one time the longest word in the OED) or mallemaroking (look it up)?
But you know that when the truth is told, you can get what you want or you can just get old; you're gonna kick off before you even get halfway through. When will you realize? Vienna waits for you.
But you'd have to walk a thousand miles in my shoes, just to see what it's like to be me. I'll be you, let's trade shoes, just to see what it'd be like to feel your pain, you feel mine. Go inside each other's minds, just to see what we find, look at stuff through each other's eyes.
But, pray how could that which I spoke so many years ago, and at about five thousand leagues distance, in another reign, be applied to any of the Yahoos, who now are said to govern the herd; especially at a time when I little thought, or feared, the unhappiness of living under them?
But... this is what I think. Trying to knock others down a peg just means lowering yourself. Don't go trampling all the hard work and trust you've built up. It insults the effort you put in. The only way that would make you happy is if you were a loser who'd given up on trying. But I don't think that describes you. The Kariu I know hates losing, is curt but kind, and is a hard worker with a strong heart. Because I know how hard you've worked, I'm not really mad. Just very, very sad. Don't act like some filthy adult. You're still young! Don't give up on try-- Kariu: What would you know? What the hell are you lecturing me for? We're the same age!
Buying bread from a man in Brussels. He was six-foot-four and full of muscles. I said, "do you speak-a my language?" He just smiled and gave me a Vegemite sandwich.
By love you mean big lightning bolts to the heart, where you can't eat and you can't work, and you just run off and get married and make babies. The reason you haven't felt it is because it doesn't exist. What you call love was invented by guys like me.
By now, I assume you know your father's been accused of a very serious crime. He told me he was innocent and I believed him. I worked with him a long time. He's no killer, Neal. The man I know can't be. After he was arrested, your dad told me that our department is filled with dirty cops and they set him up.
By studying the cooling of pizza in the gravity free environment of the space shuttle, we could more exactly determine the importance of convective flows.
By that point, entire sectors of my cerebral cortex seemed to have shut down altogether. Dizzy, fearing that I would black out, I was frantic to reach the South Summit, where my third bottle was waiting.
By the early 1990s the first Internet language (HTTP) was written and the first browser was published. The World Wide Web was born.
By the end of the nineteenth century, nearly all of the major political units of Islam, from Indonesia to northern Nigeria, were under some form of European control. Those that had escaped direct occupation - Iran, the Ottoman Empire, Afghanistan, and Morocco - found their sovereignty restricted by European control of their economies.
By the time I was ten, playing baseball got to be like eating vegetables or taking out the garbage. So when I was fourteen, I started to refuse. Could you believe that? An American boy refusing to play catch with his father.
By venturing too close to the dragon's flame, you made an ash out of yourself.
By what right do you dare say that there's a superior few to which you belong? By what right did you dare decide that that boy in there was inferior and therefore could be killed? Did you think you were God, Brandon? Is that what you thought when you choked the life out of him? Is that what you thought when you served food from his grave? I don't know what you thought, but I know what you've done. You've murdered!
Bypasses are devices that allow some people to dash from point A to point B very fast while other people dash from point B to point A very fast. People living at point C, being a point directly in between, are often given to wonder what's so great about point A that so many people from point B are so keen to get there, and what's so great about point B that so many people from point A are so keen to get there. They often wish that people would just once and for all work out where the hell they wanted to be.
C-c-c-come gather m-m-m-m-mmy-my-my-my ch-children and y-y-you shall h-h-hear of the mi-of the mi-of the mi-of the midnight r-r-ri-r-ri-r-ride of P-Pa-P-Pa-Paul R-R-Revere.
Caddy got the box and set it on the floor and opened it. It was full of stars. When I was still, they were still. When I moved, they glinted and sparkled. I hushed.
Call me Ishmael. Some years ago - never mind how long precisely - having little or no money in my purse, and nothing particular to interest me on shore, I thought I would sail about a little and see the watery part of the world.
Can I be like everyone, pretending that there's nothing wrong? Remember when we walked upon clouds that never rain? But every cloud must drain.
Can we love until there's nothing left and we're collecting dust? Use the hell out of our golden souls until we're flecks of rust. A love so deep, nothing else like it. Scars go deep, but they can't find it. Flame so bright make the daylight look dark. Cross my heart, that I'll die for you. Cross my heart that I'll always keep you. Cross my heart like a bittersweet tattoo.
Can you "choose" something when you are forcefully and enthusiastically immersed in it at an age when the resources and information necessary for choosing are not yet yours?
Can you feel the sunshine? Does it brighten up your day? Don't you feel that sometimes you just need to run away? Reach out for the sunshine, forget about the rain. Just think about the good times and they will come back again.
Can you hear me, can you hear me? Through the dark night, far away I am dying, forever crying to be with you, who can say?
Can't a guy just buy some bagels for his friends so they'll owe him a favor which he can use to get someone fired who stole a co-manager position from him anymore? Geez. When did everyone get so cynical?
Can't hold on much longer. But I will never let go! I know it's a one way track. Tell me now how long this'll last! I'm not gonna think this way. Nor will I count on others! Close my eyes and feel it burn. Now I see what I gotta do! Open your heart, it's gonna be alright.
Can't stop thinking about if and when I die. For now I see that "if" and "when" are truly different cries for, "if" is purely panic and "when" is solemn sorrow. And one invades today while the other spies tomorrow.
Caravans were being raided in a forest north of Rangoon by a bandit. So we went looking for the stones, but in six months, we never found anyone who traded with him. Then, one day I saw a child playing with a ruby the size of a tangerine. The bandit had been throwing them away.
Carbohydrates are formed when carbon dioxide and water come together in the presence of sunlight and chlorophyll (the pigment that makes plants green). The chemical bonds of the carbohydrate lock in the energy of the sun. This energy is released when the human body burns plant food as fuel.
Carry on my wayward son. There'll be peace when you are done. Lay your weary head to rest. Don't you cry no more.
Certain things, they should stay the way they are. You ought to be able to stick them in one of those big glass cases and just leave them alone.
Certainly the determining acts of her life were not ideally beautiful. They were the mixed result of young and novel impulse struggling amidst the conditions of an imperfect social state, in which great feelings will often take the aspect of error, and great faith the aspect of illusion.
Champions of what, Mr. Matthews? Of a generation whose verbal and mathematical skills have sunk so low when you have the highest level of technology at your fingertips? Gutenberg's generation thirsted for a new book every six months. Your generation gets a new webpage every six seconds! How do you use this technology? To beat King Koopa and save the princess. Shame on you, you deserve what you get. Sit down! Stay where you are! For the first time, I choose to walk out on you.
Chance and chance alone has a message for us. Everything that occurs out of necessity, everything expected, repeated day in and day out, is mute.
Chance and chance alone has a message for us. Everything that occurs out of necessity, everything expected, repeated day in and day out, is mute. Only chance can speak to us. We read its message much as gypsies read the images made by coffee grounds at the bottom of a cup.
Chaos isn't a pit. Chaos is a ladder. Many who try to climb it fail and never get to try again. The fall breaks them. And some are given a chance to climb; they cling to the realm or the gods or love. Only the ladder is real. The climb is all there is.
Charge 'em for the lice, extra for the mice, two percent for looking in the mirror twice. Here a little slice, there a little cut, three percent for sleeping with the window shut. When it comes to fixing prices, there are a lot of tricks he knows.
Check it out, I already made up a theme song. When a crime breaks out, all the cute girls shout "Get the good looking guy!" When there's a crime out there, he's gonna comb his hair, 'cause he's the good-looking guy! Book 'em, good-looking!
Chemists do not usually stutter. It would be very awkward if they did, seeing that they have at times to get out such words as methylethylamylophenylium.
Cherry no longer looked sick, only sad. "I'll bet you think the Socs have it made. The rich kids, the West-side Socs. I'll tell you something, Ponyboy, and it may come as a surprise. We have troubles you've never even heard of. You want to know something?" She looked me straight in the eye. "Things are rough all over."
Children are blameless. I have never hurt them. Your boy is in no immediate danger, this I swear to you. But between us, dear, you did conspire to kill the Queen's soldiers. We both know the penalty for that crime. How will poor Dhom get on without his mother? And with his breathing problem?
Children know something that we all too often set aside once we enter adulthood - that one of the best things in life is an experience designed to give you nothing more than glee.
Chrono did not have a sense of futility and disorder. Everything seemed in apple-pie order to him. And the boy himself participated fitly in that perfect order. He took his good-luck piece from his pocket, dropped it without regret to the sand, dropped it among Salo's scattered parts. Sooner or later, Chrono believed, the magical forces of the Universe would put everything back together again. They always did.
Citizens of Cincinnati, we are being attacked by the godless tornadoes!
City of stars, are you shining just for me? City of stars, there's so much that I can't see. Who knows? Is this the start of something wonderful and new? Or one more dream that I cannot make true?
class URLLister(SGMLParser): def reset(self): SGMLParser.reset(self) self.urls = [] def start_a(self, attrs): href = [v for k, v in attrs if k=='href'] if href: self.urls.extend(href)
Clear the lines of lint in your head one at a time and the king will be left standing alone like a guy on a street corner. Here, I'll make it easier for you.
Clinging to a shaky line, insecure about what I will see. Mounting the unstable peak, it's overwhelming me. I am stuck on mountains - mountains of doubt. I am stuck on mountains - mountains of apathy.
Close your eyes in the night and I'll be right in front of you. So sit back, enjoy the view until the morning. When the sun comes from the west, that's where you'll find my silhouette. I'll ride a cloud, come back to you without a warning. So don't speak, 'cause it only makes my heart bleed. No matter what you say, I'll be only just a call away.
Coal mining may be your life but it's not mine. I'm never going down there again. I wanna go into space.
Cold enough for ya? It's never cold enough for Crazy Neil. Ice in my veins! Back home I used to spend summers at McMurdo base in Antarctica. Long family tradition. My great-great-great-great grandfather took part in Operation Deep Freeze. And my great-great-great-great grandmother was a penguin! Now that's a joke, son. You understand? I wanna be clear: There ain't nothing funny about sexin' a penguin. Not even if they're beggin' for it.
Coleslaw! Envisioning bland mounds of limp cabbage? You're not alone. But a great coleslaw can be so much more. Make sure you have juicy fresh cabbage for this one. Toss with a little vinegar and mayonnaise and you're all set. Ah, that's crisp.
Colonel! Can you possibly imagine what is going to happen to you, your frame, outlook, way of life, and everything, when they learn that you have obstructed a telephone call to the President of the United States? Can you imagine? Shoot it off! Shoot! With a gun! That's what the bullets are for, you twit!
Colors weave into a spire of flame. Distant sparks call to a past still unnamed. Bear this torch against the cold of the night. Search your soul and re-awaken the undying light! On that day, when the sky fell away, our world came to an end. In our rise did a fading sunrise in the dark, glimmering shadows.
Combat for a naval aviator is fought in short, violent bursts. Our missions last but an hour or two before we are clear of danger and back on the carrier playing poker with our buddies. We are spared the sustained misery of the infantrymen who slog through awful conditions and danger for months on end.
Come and hold my hand. I want to contact the living. Not sure I understand this role I've been given. I sit and talk to God and he just laughs at my plans. My head speaks a language I don't understand.
Come as you are, as you were, as I want you to be. As a friend, as a friend, as a known enemy. Take your time, hurry up. The choice is yours, don't be late. Take a rest as a friend, as an old memoria.
Come here and take a lesson from the lovely lemon tree. Don't put your faith in love, my boy, I fear you'll find that love is like the lovely lemon tree.
Come let me love you, let me give my life to you, let me drown in your laughter, let me die in your arms, let me lay down beside you, let me always be with you.
Come on and love me just a little bit. I'm gonna teach you how to sing it out. Come on, let me show you what it's all about.
Come on now, we're going to go build a mirror factory first and put out nothing but mirrors for the next year and take a long look in them.
Come on, all the long distance lines are down? What about the satellite? Is it snowing in space? Don't you have some kind of a line that you keep open for emergencies or for celebrities? I'm both. I'm a celebrity in an emergency.
Come on, kid, don't fool around. Just let your hand drop to your side and the gun slip out. Everyone will still think you've got it. They're gonna be staring at your face, Mike. So walk out of the place real fast, but you don't run. Don't look nobody directly in the eye, but don't look away either. They're gonna be scared of you, believe me, so don't worry about nothing.
Come on, let's leave this place. Let's go to the factory and get our airship. This isn't our responsibility - none of it. You just opened a door to this world and we stepped through.
Come on, Marge, I want to shake off the dust of this one-horse town. I want to explore the world. I want to watch TV in a different time zone. I want to visit strange, exotic malls. I'm sick of eating hoagies. I want a grinder, a sub, a foot-long hero. I want to live, Marge! Won't you let me live? Won't you, please?
Come on, you poor unfortunate soul. Go ahead, make your choice. I'm a very busy woman and I haven't got all day. It won't cost much - just your voice.
Come sail your ships around me and burn your bridges down. We make a little history, baby, every time you come around.
Come sail your ships around me and burn your bridges down. We make a little history, baby, every time you come around. Come loose your dogs upon me and let your hair hang down. You are a little mystery to me every time you come around. We talk about it all night long, we define our moral ground. But when I crawl into your arms everything comes tumbling down.
Come senators, congressmen please heed the call. Don't stand in the doorway don't block up the hall. For he that gets hurt will be he who has stalled. There's a battle outside and it's ragin'. It'll soon shake your windows and rattle your walls. For the times they are a' changin'!
Come to me my melancholy baby. Cuddle up and don't be blue. All your fears are foolish fancy, maybe. You know, dear, that I'm in love with you. Every cloud must have a silver lining. Wait until the sun shines through. Smile, my honey dear, while I kiss away each tear, or else I shall be melancholy too.
Come to me now and rest your head for just five minutes, everything is good. Such a cozy room, the windows are illuminated by the evening, sunshine through them, fiery gems for you, only for you.
Come up to meet you, tell you I'm sorry. You don't know how lovely you are. I had to find you, tell you I need you, tell you I set you apart.
Come with me and you'll be in a world of pure imagination. Take a look and you'll see into your imagination. We'll begin with a spin, traveling in the world of my creation. What we'll see will defy explanation.
Come, boy, see for yourself. From here, you will witness the final destruction of the Alliance and the end of your insignificant rebellion. You want this, don't you? The hate is swelling in you now. Take your Jedi weapon. Use it. I am unarmed. Strike me down with it. Give in to your anger. With each passing moment you make yourself more my servant.
Come, come here to meet T.B.C. If you want to ring the king, the computer is your thing. We, we, we are T., B. and C.
Come, Friend, you too must die. Why moan about it so? Even Patroclus died, a far, far better man than you. And look, you see how handsome and powerful I am? The son of a great man, the mother who gave me life - a deathless goddess. But even for me, I tell you, death and the strong force of fate are waiting. There will come a dawn or sunset or high noon when a man will take my life in battle too - flinging a spear perhaps, or whipping a deadly arrow off his bow.
Come, sweetheart mine, don't sit and pine. Tell me of the cares that make you feel so blue. What have I done, answer me, hon. Have I ever said an unkind word to you? My love is true, and just for you, I'd do almost anything at any time. Dear, when you sigh, or when you cry, something seems to grip this very heart of mine.
Come, you spirits that tend on mortal thoughts, unsex me here and fill me from the crown to the toe top-full of direst cruelty. Make thick my blood.
Comfortable, Mullet? It seems sadly ironic that it's that tie that's got you into this pickle. Now you just take all the time you want. You can play some music if you like.
Commander James Bond was born of a Scottish father and a Swiss mother. When he was eleven years of age, both his parents were killed in a climbing accident in the Alps. After studying at Eton, Bond joined MI6 and moved up through the ranks to his current position, agent 007, with a license to kill. Briefly married in 1962, Bond's lifetime loyalty has been to queen and country.
Commas and periods always go inside quotation marks. Colons and semicolons always go outside quotation marks.
Commas and periods always go inside quotation marks. Colons and semicolons always go outside quotation marks. Question marks and exclamation points go inside quotation marks when they apply to the quoted material only. They go outside when they apply to the entire sentence.
Common knowledge has bicyclists always riding into the wind, regardless of direction, a perception that is not as wrong as it may seem. On level ground, one rides as fast as is comfortable and because the bicycle is highly efficient, speed is limited by wind resistance. With a tailwind, speeding up until the wind is in one's face is fairly easy, and at that point it becomes a headwind.
Communication with others takes place when they understand what you're trying to get across to them. If they don't understand, then you are not communicating regardless of words, pictures, or anything else. People only understand things in terms of their experience, which means that you must get within their experience.
Computer communication is not like human communication. There's no facial expression to help you know which way something ambiguous is meant. So the isolated communicators of cyberspace have come up with little signs made out of punctuation marks. They're called emoticons.
Computers make excellent and efficient servant, but I have no wish to serve under them. Captain, a starship also runs on loyalty to one man and nothing can replace it or him.
Comstock says all this trouble, all this strife, is on our heads. Says we're to blame. Says ain't nobody got nothing to complain about, and if it's not fine for you and yours, that's 'cause you a backslider and you've fallen into sin.
Concealing the origins of money obtained illegally by passing it through a complex sequence of banking transfers or commercial transactions is a crime.
Conceptually, to communicate, procedures must send messages to one another, just as people meet. According to one way, procedures talk to others by handing them some values and receiving some values in return. One reasonable name for this method of communication is the "private-line method," since only the calling procedure and the called procedure see the communication.
Confession is not betrayal. What you say or do doesn't matter; only feelings matter. If they could make me stop loving you - that would be the real betrayal.
Consciousness, complex and subtle, can be impaired or ended by a mere stepping-up or dimming-down of any one sense intensity, which is the procedure in hypnosis. And the intensification of one sense by a new medium can hypnotize an entire community.
Consider this: Is the pious being loved by the gods because it is pious, or is it pious because it is being loved by the Gods?
Consider this: Is the pious being loved by the gods because it is pious, or is it pious because it is being loved by the Gods? We speak of something carried and something carrying, of something led and something leading, of something seen and something seeing, and you understand that these things are all different from one another and how they differ? So there is also something loved and - a different thing - something loving.
Consider, for example, Walmart workers. They may label themselves liberal/progressive or libertarian/conservative, but there are some things they could agree on. About a million Walmart workers either make between 7.25 and 10.25 an hour or are required to work considerably less than forty hours per week at or above 10.75, so that they earn less than 10.75 times forty hours a week. The CEO, Mike Duke, works full-time and makes 11,000 an hour plus benefits.
Considering the marvelous complexity of the universe, its clockwork perfection, its balances of this against that... matter, energy, gravitation, time, dimension, I believe that our existence must be more than either of these philosophies. That what we are goes beyond Euclidean or other practical measuring systems and that our existence is part of a reality beyond what we understand now as reality.
Contrary to my advice you took the job. I offered you something better. Something in the legitimate world.
Contrary to the feminist cant, there are many things we can learn from men's perspective about life and personal identity. To refuse to learn anything that could prove beneficial to yourself is a working definition of stupid.
Control over consciousness cannot be institutionalized. As soon as it becomes part of a set of social rules and norms, it ceases to be effective in the way it was originally intended to be. Routinization, unfortunately, tends to take place very rapidly. Freud was still alive when his quest for liberating the ego from its oppressors was turned into a staid ideology and a rigidly regulated profession. Marx was even less fortunate: his attempts to free consciousness from the tyranny of economic exploitation were soon turned into a system of repression that would have boggled the poor founder's mind. And as Dostoevsky among many others have observed, if Christ had returned to preach his message of liberation in the Middle Ages, he would have been crucified again and again by the leaders of that very church whose worldly power was built on his name.
Convection also plays a minor role because of the relative thinness of the air layer and the presence of the upper cardboard heat shield. The insulation properties of the cardboard play a major role, since they serve to minimize the temperature gradient across the airspace.
Convection also plays a minor role because of the relative thinness of the air layer and the presence of the upper cardboard heat shield. The insulation properties of the cardboard play a major role, since they serve to minimize the temperature gradient across the airspace. By studying the cooling of pizza in the gravity free environment of the space shuttle, we could more exactly determine the importance of convective flows.
Cordelia, I have at least three lives to contend with, none of which really mesh. It's kind of like oil and water and a third unmeshable thing.
Corn is what feeds the steer that becomes the steak. Corn feeds the chicken and the pig, the turkey and the lamb, the catfish and the tilapia and, increasingly, even the salmon, a carnivore by nature that the fish farmers are reengineering to tolerate corn. The eggs are made of corn. The milk and cheese and yogurt, which once came from dairy cows that grazed on grass, now typically come from cows that spend their working lives indoors tethered to machines, eating corn.
Cosby Show and Roseanne, think I've taken 'bout as much as I can. Judge Wapner, oh my. You gotta be Rain Man to like this guy. Thirtysomething is alright if you like hearing yuppies whining all night. Can't stand Twin Peaks. Wish they'd lynch those donut-eating freaks. Those Siskel & Ebert bums ought to go home and sit on their thumbs.
Could you please continue the petty bickering? I find it most intriguing.
Countless blues are sung about individual trains which appear to have their own peculiar personalities, especially the Cannonball, the Redball and other famous express engines. Impressive in their speed and immense proportions, chilling the spine with their shrieking whistles in the night, thrilling the blood with the roar of their engines as they pass, even the more obscure trains have their importance in the remoter districts.
Court reporters are required to complete a specialized training program in shorthand reporting. These programs usually last between two and four years and include instruction on how to enter at least 225 words a minute on a stenotype machine.
Court-reporting schools were prime sources of notereaders, especially with respect to those 80 to 90 percent of reporting students who dropped out of the program before reaching acceptable speed on the stenotype.
Covert intelligence involves a lot of waiting around. Any meeting, any appointment, you have to show up early, make sure you are not followed, make sure the area is secured, check out the other guy's advance team and see how well he is prepared. It's good trade craft, but it's like hanging out in your dentist's reception area 24 hours a day. You read magazines, sip coffee, and every once in a while someone tries to kill you.
Creme tangerine and montelimar. A ginger sling with a pineapple heart. A coffee dessert, yes you know it's good news. But you'll have to have them all pulled out after the Savoy truffle. Cool cherry cream, a nice apple tart. I feel your taste all the time we're apart. Coconut fudge, really blows down those blues. But you'll have to have them all pulled out after the Savoy truffle.
Crude and bad, 'cause we're from the wrong side of the lily pad.
Cruelty and injustice, intolerance and oppression. And where once you had the freedom to object, to think and speak as you saw fit, you now have censors and systems of surveillance coercing your conformity and soliciting your submission. How did this happen? Who's to blame? Well certainly there are those more responsible than others, and they will be held accountable, but again truth be told, if you're looking for the guilty, you need only look into a mirror.
Crying wolf? You listen to me, you idiot! My child is sick. He does not need you marching in here, puffing up your little chest, and making his life more miserable than it already is. Why don't you just go play "army man" somewhere else?
Culture was the seed of proliferation but it's gotten melded into an inharmonic whole, to an inharmonic whole. Consciousness has plagued us and we cannot shake it though we think we're in control, though we think we're in control. Questions that besiege us in life are testament of our helplessness.
Cup of Ace, cup of Goose, cup of Cris high heels, somethin' worth a half a ticket on my wrist. Takin' all the liquor straight, never chase that rooftop like we bringin' '88 back. Bring the hooks in, where the bass at? Champagne spillin', you should taste that.
Cyanides possess a uniquely long, dark history, probably because they grow so bountifully around us. They flavor the leaves of the yew tree, the flowers of the cherry laurel, the kernels of peach and apricot pits, and the fat pale crunch of bitter almonds.
D'Artagnan continued: 'Before God and men I charge this woman with having tried to poison me with wine which she sent from Villeroy with a forged letter, written to make me believe the wine came from my friends. God protected me, but another died in my place, a man named Brisemont.' Porthos and Aramis replied again: 'We bear witness to that.' 'Before God and men,' continued d'Artagnan, 'I further charge this woman with having incited me to murder the Comte de Wardes. No one present can bear witness to this charge, but I myself swear to the truth of it. That is the sum of my charges against this woman.' So saying d'Artagnan went and stood beside Porthos and Aramis in the corner of the room.
D'Artagnan stepped forward. 'Before God and men,' he said, 'I charge this woman with having poisoned Constance Bonacieux, who died last night.' He turned to Porthos and Aramis, who said in one voice: 'We bear witness to that.'
Dad, I may not be the best but I come to believe that I got it in me to be somebody in this world. And it's not because I'm so different from you either; it's because I'm the same. I mean I can be just as hard-headed and just as tough. I only hope I can be as good a man as you. Sure, Wernher von Braun is a great scientist but he isn't my hero.
Daddy's flown across the ocean. Leaving just a memory. A snapshot in the family album. Daddy, what else did you leave for me? Daddy, what'd ya leave behind for me? All in all, it was just a brick in the wall. All in all, it was all just bricks in the wall.
Dan, let me tell you something. In this envelope are all the questions that James Snodgrass was asked on Twenty One. The odd thing about this envelope is that he appeared on the show January 13th, if you recall. Yet, he somehow mailed this to himself on January 11th via registered mail.
Danger is a topic you're often asked about as a sprinter. The common perception is that the final 200 meters of a Tour stage are the most dangerous and the most frightening. That might be half right, but while it may hold true that the final few seconds of a bike race are fastest and apparently chaotic, at 70 kph and 200 heartbeats per minute, there's simply no time for anxiety. Adrenaline, yes. Instinct, sure. But fear, no.
Dani felt as if a path had appeared in front of him. It was temptingly lit, and offered a way out, up and away. But it was impossible to imagine taking the first step. It would mean leaping over a bottomless gulf out of which, once he'd fallen in, he'd never be able to climb again.
Data creation is exploding. With all the selfies and useless files people refuse to delete on the cloud. 92% of the world's data was created in the last two years, alone. At the current rate, the world's data storage capacity will be overtaken by next spring. It will be nothing short of a catastrophe. Data shortages, data rationing, data black markets. Someone's compression will save the world from data-geddon, and it sure as hell better be Nucleus and not goddamn Pied Piper! I don't know about you people, but I don't wanna live in a world where someone else makes the world a better place better than we do.
Data is by definition easy to copy. And the Internet makes copies easy to distribute. So it is no wonder companies are afraid. But, as so often happens, fear has clouded their judgment. The government has responded with draconian laws to protect intellectual property. They probably mean well. But they may not realize that such laws will do more harm than good.
Dave, although you took very thorough precautions in the pod against my hearing you, I could see your lips move.
Days can be sunny, with never a sigh, don't need what money can buy. Birds in the trees sing their day full of song, why shouldn't we sing along? I'm chipper all the day, happy with my lot. How do I get that way? Look at what I've got.
Dean is the perfect guy for the road because he actually was born on the road, when his parents were passing through Salt Lake City.
Dear Daddy, I write you in spite of years of silence. You cleaned up, found Jesus. Things are good, or so I hear. This bottle of Stephen's awakens ancient feelings. Like father, stepfather, the son is drowning in the flood.
Dear Mr. Vernon, We accept the fact that we had to sacrifice a whole Saturday in detention for whatever it was we did wrong. But we think you're crazy to make us write an essay telling you who we think we are. You see us as you want to see us. In the simplest terms, in the most convenient definitions. But what we found out is that each one of us is a brain, and an athlete, and a basket case, a princess, and a criminal. Does that answer your question? Sincerely yours, the Breakfast Club.
Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance. I ain't mad, I just think it's messed up you don't answer fans. If you didn't want to talk to me outside the concert you didn't have to, but you could've signed an autograph for Matthew. That's my little brother, man, he's only six years old. We waited in the blistering cold for you for four hours, and you just said no.
Dear Sushie, You followed Mario, didn't you? How are you doing? I never expected you'd go with him. I want to hear about you, Mario and everything else, so why don't you come to see me when you finish traveling? If you have a hard time climbing the tree, I'll come down for you.
Dear Theodosia, what to say to you? You have my eyes, you have your mother's name, when you came into the world you cried. And it broke my heart. I've dedicated every day to you. Domestic life was never quite my style.
Dearest creature in creation studying English pronunciation, I will teach you in my verse. Sounds like corpse, corps, horse and worse. I will keep you, Susy, busy, make your head with heat grow dizzy; tear in eye, your dress you'll tear; queer, fair seer, hear my prayer. Pray, console your loving poet, make my coat look new, dear, sew it! Just compare heart, hear and heard, dies and diet, lord and word. Sword and sward, retain and Britain (Mind the latter how it's written).
Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today in real time on Zeke and Joan's web site to capture eyeballs in a loving but scalable environment. May their sponsors know a robust click-through rate, and may the user experience be both joyful and truly intuitive.
Death is a primitive concept. I prefer to think of them as battling evil in another dimension.
Death is irrelevant. Your archaic cultures are authority driven. To facilitate our introduction into your societies, it has been decided that a human voice will speak for us in all communications. You have been chosen to be that voice.
Death really did not matter to him but life did, and therefore the sensation he felt when they gave their decision was not a feeling of fear but of nostalgia.
Debussy introduces a mystical feeling by means of a series of parallel fifths and octaves. Shortly, an undulating motive in the piano's lower register suggests swirling waters; with a mighty surge the cathedral comes up out of the sea. A bit of chantlike melody becomes audible before the cathedral, accompanied by more undulations, then slips back into its watery home.
Deciding which way round to print the question mark wasn't as straightforward as you might think, incidentally. In its traditional orientation, with the curve to the right, it appears to cup an ear towards the preceding prose, which seems natural enough, though perhaps only because that's how we are used to seeing it. But people have always played around with it. In the 16th century the printer Henry Denham had the sophisticated idea of reversing the mark when indicating a rhetorical question (to differentiate it from a direct question), but it didn't catch on.
Decorators and designers sometimes tend to be guided by their own subjective color propensities. This may lead to misunderstandings and disputes, where one subjective judgment collides with another. For the solution of many problems, however, there are objective considerations that outweigh subjective preferences. Thus a meat market may be decorated in light green and blue-green tones, so that the various meats will appear fresher and redder. Confectionery shows to advantage in light orange, pink, white, and accents of black, stimulating an appetite for sweets. If a commercial artist were to design a package for coffee bearing yellow and white stripes, or one with blue polka dots for spaghetti, he would be wrong because these form and color features are in conflict with the theme.
Deep in the forest of Albion lay the small town of Oakvale, unchanged by time and untouched by the sword. Here lived a boy and his family. A boy dreaming of greatness. Of one day being a Hero. Sometimes he imagined himself as a noble knight. Or a powerful wizard. And other times he dreamt he was an evil warrior. But in all his dreams of greatness he could not possibly imagine the power and destiny that lay before him.
Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before.
Delete copies of film? Yes. Delete memory of film from mankind's consciousness? Yes. Hey, even declared war on his surge protector...
Delicious and vicious, while maliciously nutritious.
Demand is related to wants. If goods and services were free, people would simply demand whatever they wanted. Such wants are virtually boundless: perhaps limited only by people's imagination. Supply, on the other hand, is limited. It is related to resources. The amount firms can supply depends on the resources and technology available.
Demons do not cry. Are these the tears of a long dead child? Demons do not cry, you became a demon because you couldn't cry anymore right? Humans cry, and when their tears finally run dry; there's nothing left but a demon or a monster. And one final prayer for death. So laugh demon, laugh that arrogant laugh of yours and remember, I beat you to it. So how long will it be then? How long before you're no longer cursed to walk the Earth?
Demons run when a good man goes to war. Night will fall and drown the sun when a good man goes to war. Friendship dies and true love lies. Night will fall and the dark will rise when a good man goes to war. Demons run but count the cost; the battle's won but the child is lost.
Deserves it! I daresay he does. Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends.
Desktop publishing revolutionized the creation of printed documents, not only from the standpoint of speed and accuracy, but also by enabling anyone to mass-produce the printed word.
Desmond? I heard your name once before Desmond, a long time ago. And now it lingers in my mind like an image from an old dream. I do not know where you are, or by what means you can hear me. But I know you are listening. I have lived my life as best I could, not knowing its purpose, but drawn forward like a moth to a distant moon. And here, at last, I discover a strange truth. That I am only a conduit for a message that eludes my understanding. Who are we, who have been so blessed to share our stories like this? To speak across centuries? Maybe you will answer all the questions I have asked. Maybe you will be the one to make all this suffering worth something in the end.
Despair comes slowly, crawling its way up inside you until it threatens to overwhelm everything; it buckles the knees, makes you falter and makes you break your stride. In those moments she would will herself forward until despair was replaced by something stronger.
Despairing, Jonah trudged forward. He could see the other kids snaking along the trail ahead of him, going deeper and deeper into the woods. Jonah had managed to talk to only five of them. Even if Chip reached all the others, would they believe him? What could they do, anyhow?
Diane, 7:30 AM, February 24. Entering town of Twin Peaks. Five miles south of the Canadian border, twelve miles west of the state line. Never seen so many trees in my life. As W.C. Fields would say, I'd rather be here than Philadelphia. It's fifty-four degrees on a slightly overcast day. Weatherman said rain. If you could get paid that kind of money for being wrong sixty percent of the time it'd beat working.
Dictionaries are designed to appear authoritative. They're thick, sturdy, and precise, with pages of explanatory material and complex notational schemes that create an aura of august finality. People refer to "the dictionary" as if there were just one, divinely inspired, like the Bible, and passed down through the ages.
Did it matter then, she asked herself, walking towards bond street, did it matter that she must inevitably cease completely; all this must go on without her; did she resent it; or did it not become consoling to believe that death ended absolutely?
Did she keep you waiting, did she break your date? Please elucidate, please elaborate. Did she treat you badly, was she very bad? Did she make you mad? Are you very sad?
Did those words sound ominous to anyone else? Jonah looked around, but most of the kids just looked bored and distant, as if this was a particularly dull class at school.
Did you ever know that you're my hero and everything I would like to be? I can fly higher than an eagle, for you are the wind beneath my wings.
Did you ever see that "Twilight Zone" where the guy signed a contract and they cut out his tongue and put it in a jar and it wouldn't die, it just grew and pulsated and gave birth to baby tongues? Pretty cool, huh?
Did you know a young boy drowned the year before those two others were killed? The counselors weren't paying any attention... They were making love while that young boy drowned. His name was Jason. I was working the day that it happened. Preparing meals... here. I was the cook. Jason should've been watched. Every minute. He was... he wasn't a very good swimmer. We can go now, dear.
Did you think I was a city big enough for a weekend getaway? I am the town surrounding it - the one you've never heard of but always pass through. There are no neon lights here, no skyscrapers or statues. But there is thunder. For I make bridges tremble. I am not street meat, I am homemade jam - thick enough to cut the sweetest thing your lips will touch.
Difference in opinions has cost many millions of lives: for instance, whether flesh be bread, or bread be flesh; whether the juice of a certain berry be blood or wine.
Directories contain elements that describe objects in the world, such as computers, folders, objects, managed resources, and even people. These elements have names and, like the fields in a database, changing values.
Disillusion is the greatest gift I can give you. But, because of your fondness for illusion, you consider the term negative. You commiserate with a friend by saying, "Oh, what a disillusioning experience that must have been," when you ought to be celebrating with him. The word dis-illusion is literally a "freeing from illusion." But you cling to your illusions.
Disorder increases with time because we measure time in the direction in which disorder increases.
Do I really look like a guy with a plan? You know what I am? I'm a dog chasing cars. I wouldn't know what to do with one if I caught it. You know, I just do things. I'm not a schemer. I try to show the schemers how pathetic their attempts to control things really are.
Do I really look like a guy with a plan? You know what I am? I'm a dog chasing cars. I wouldn't know what to do with one if I caught it. You know, I just do things. The mob has plans, the cops have plans, you know, they're schemers. Schemers trying to control their worlds. I'm not a schemer. I try to show the schemers how pathetic their attempts to control things really are.
Do me this favor. I won't forget it. Ask your friends in the neighborhood about me. They'll tell you I know how to return a favor.
Do not go gentle into that good night. Old age should burn and rave at close of day; rage, rage against the dying of the light. Though wise men at their end know dark is right, because their words had forked no lightning they do not go gentle into that good night. Good men, the last wave by, crying how bright their frail deeds might have danced in a green bay, rage, rage against the dying of the light. Wild men who caught and sang the sun in flight, and learn, too late, they grieved it on its way, do not go gentle into that good night.
Do not go gentle into that good night. Rage, rage against the dying of the light.
Do not trouble yourself much to get new things, whether clothes or friends. Turn the old; return to them. Things do not change; we change. Sell your clothes and keep your thoughts.
Do not try any of this at home. The author of this book is an Internet cartoonist, not a health or safety expert. He likes it when things catch fire or explode, which means he does not have your best interests in mind. The publisher and the author disclaim responsibility for any adverse effects resulting, directly or indirectly, from information contained in this book.
Do not worry because you have no official position. Worry about your qualifications. Do not worry because no one appreciates your abilities. Seek to be worthy of appreciation.
Do the gods light this fire in our hearts or does each man's mad desire become his god?
Do the Wall Street shuffle. Hear the money rustle. Watch the greenbacks tumble. Feel the Sterling crumble.
Do they come to bury the others or to be entombed to give life or to receive it?
Do they not know that my subjects require for their exposition experience rather than the words of others?
Do we have to put up with this? I mean, can't we get a better actor? I know it's a small part, but I think we can do better than this.
Do we really want to travel in hermetically sealed popemobiles through the rural provinces of France, Mexico, and the Far East, eating only in Hard Rock Cafes and McDonalds? Or do we want to eat without fear, tearing into the local stew, the humble taqueria's mystery meat, the sincerely offered gift of a lightly grilled fish head? I know what I want. I want it all. I want to try everything once.
Do you buy all these books retail or do you send away for like a shrink kit that comes with all these volumes included?
Do you ever get down on your knees and thank God you know me and have access to my dementia?
Do you ever wait for the longest day of the year and then miss it? I always wait for the longest day of the year and then miss it!
Do you have life insurance, Phil? Because if you do, you could always use a little more, right? I mean, who couldn't? But you wanna know something? I got the feeling you ain't got any. Am I right or am I right?
Do you hear the people sing? Singing the song of angry men. It is the music of the people who will not be slaves again! When the beating of your heart echoes the beating of the drums, there is a life about to start when tomorrow comes!
Do you know how long it takes a working man to save $5,000? Just remember this, Mr. Potter, that this rabble you're talking about... they do most of the working and paying and living and dying in this community. Well, is it too much to have them work and pay and live and die in a couple of decent rooms and a bath? Anyway, my father didn't think so. People were human beings to him. But to you, a warped, frustrated old man, they're cattle. Well in my book, my father died a much richer man than you'll ever be!
Do you know how much I make a year? I mean, even if I told you, you wouldn't believe it.
Do you know I've been sitting here thinking to myself: that if I didn't believe in life, if I lost faith in the woman I love, lost faith in the order of things, were convinced in fact that everything is a disorderly, damnable, and perhaps devil-ridden chaos, if I were struck by every horror of man's disillusionment - still I should want to live.
Do you know what that sound is, Highness? Those are the shrieking eels! If you don't believe me just wait. They always grow louder when they're about to feed on human flesh! If you swim back now I promise no harm will come to you... I doubt you'll get such an offer from the eels.
Do you know what they call a Quarter-pounder with cheese in France? Royale with cheese. Do you know why they call it a Royale with cheese? Because of the metric system.
Do you know what would happen if I suddenly decided to stop going into work?
Do you know why people like violence? It is because it feels good. Humans find violence deeply satisfying. But remove the satisfaction, and the act becomes hollow.
Do you know why they call him Franky "Four Fingers" Doug? Because he makes stupid bets with dangerous people, and when he doesn't pay up, they give him the chop, Doug. And I'm not talking about his foreskin either.
Do you know why you're not afraid to die, Spock? You're more afraid of living. Each day you stay alive is just one more day you might slip and let your human half peek out. That's it, isn't it? Insecurity. Why, you wouldn't know what to do with a genuine, warm, decent feeling.
Do you realize she's having a baby on the other side of the country, and we're watching it live? Yikes, eight centimeters! Of course, I suppose it could be tape delay.
Do you realize that more people will be watching you tonight than all those who have seen theater plays in the last forty years?
Do you smell that? Napalm, son. Nothing else in the world smells like that. I love the smell of napalm in the morning. You know, one time we had a hill bombed, for twelve hours. Smelled like victory. Someday this war's gonna end.
Do you think politics is only about winning the argument? That whoever has the right fact at the right moment wins?
Do you think we're wealthy? Wealthy people drive fancy cars, they have fresh pasta. Do we do any of those things? No! Wealthy people can afford any of their vacations ruined, no big deal. They just pick up and go again. Your father and I worked so hard, so long. What is wrong with you two? Are you aborigines? Every time I turn around, I hear someone screaming and fighting. And I pray to God that's someone else's children, but it's not, it's always you! Sane children would appreciate this. Are you even thinking? No, you're always at each other like a couple of rabid monkeys. It is not enough you two do this every day, but you have to make me suffer. Well, so help me...
Do you understand the expense people went through to keep you locked up in that tower? You think people like that are just gonna let you walk away? You are an investment and you will not be safe until you are far away from here.
Do you wanna come with me? 'Cause if you do then I should warn you, you're gonna see all sorts of things. Ghosts from the past. Aliens from the future. The day the Earth died in a ball of flame. It won't be quiet, it won't be safe, and it won't be calm. But I'll tell you what it will be: the trip of a lifetime.
Doctor, I am well aware of human characteristics. I am frequently inundated by them, but I've trained myself to put up with practically anything.
Does she know what she's getting, Spock? A carcass full of memory banks who should be squatting on a mushroom? Instead of passing himself off as a man? You belong in the circus, Spock, not a starship. Right next to the dog face boy!
Does this look inanimate to you, punk? If I can move and I can talk, who's to say I can't do anything I want?
Doesn't matter what he says. It's 4:07, and if you don't let me see my client, anything he says after this second will be inadmissible, and I will rain down Fourth Amendment claims on you for the rest of your goddamn life.
Doing quantum electrodynamics calculations a la Feynman predicted 2.0023193048!
Doing repairs on the outside of a rocket in mid-air is a ticklish job. We slacken off the circulation when they're right way up, so that they're half starved, and double the flow of surrogate when they're upside down. They learn to associate topsy-turvydom with well-being; in fact, they're only truly happy when they're standing on their heads.
Don't bother trying to explain your emotions. Live everything as intensely as you can and keep whatever you felt as a gift from God. The best way to destroy the bridge between the visible and invisible is by trying to explain your emotions.
Don't bother trying to explain your emotions. Live everything as intensely as you can and keep whatever you felt as a gift from God. The best way to destroy the bridge between the visible and invisible is by trying to explain your emotions.
Don't carry the world upon your shoulders, for well you know that it's a fool who plays it cool by making his world a little colder.
Don't change your name, keep it the same for fear I may lose you again. I know you won't, it's just that I'm unorganized and I want to find you when something good happens. If you come down, we'll go to town - I haven't been there for years. But I'd be fine wasting our time not doing anything here.
Don't forget they've all been strengthened with gene therapy. They carry genes which make them excellent soldiers. Don't get careless just because they don't have much experience.
Don't get me wrong, I love who I am I don't wanna be ungrateful, it probably sounds strange. I really love the role I play, the songs I sing. But with all the fame the things that seem so simple, suddenly, so far out of reach. Wish that they could see the underneath, I'm just an ordinary girl! Sometimes I'm lazy. I get bored. I get scared. I feel ignored. I feel happy, I get silly. I choke on my own words. I make wishes, I have dreams. And I still want to believe. Anything can happen in this world, for an ordinary girl.
Don't get officious. You're not yourself when you're officious. That is the curse of a government job.
Don't give me that. I'm sick and tired of facts! You can twist 'em anyway you like, you know what I mean?
Don't it make you sad to know that life is more than who you are?
Don't know much about history. Don't know much biology. Don't know much about a science book. Don't know much about the French I took. But I do know that I love you, and I know that if you love me too, what a wonderful world this would be.
Don't look back, keep your head held high. Don't ask them why because life is short and before you know you're feeling old and your heart is breaking.
Don't look so disappointed, dear one. Just try them on. Today is a day to celebrate. It is the day that you become the same age as the young hero spoken of in all the legends. You only have to wear them for one day, so don't look so down. Be proud, child. In the olden days, this was the day the boys were finally considered to be men. They were taught the ways of the sword to prepare them for battle with their enemies. But we don't live in such a way any longer. Our ways are the ways of peace.
Don't m-m-m-misunderstand my flames - I just meant fun and games.
Don't make assumptions - find the courage to ask questions and to express what you really want. Communicate with others as clearly as you can to avoid misunderstandings, sadness and drama. With just this one agreement, you can completely transform your life.
Don't make assumptions. Communicate with others as clearly as you can to avoid misunderstandings, sadness and drama. With just this one agreement, you can completely transform your life.
Don't practice too much at first, or you're likely to develop incorrect patterns or movements.
Don't practice too much at first, or you're likely to develop incorrect patterns or movements. Instead, begin with a few laps, maintaining intense concentration and motivation. If you begin to repeat an error, or if your concentration or attention starts to fade, if you start to become casual, then stop. Clear your head, get your concentration and motivation back, then go again.
Don't say anything. Be dominant. It's all, all about dominance. I saw this monkey show on PBS, if you talk to her first, it's a sign of weakness and she will not pick you to be her mate.
Don't say you're happy out there without me. I know you can't be, 'cause it's no good.
Don't take anything personally - nothing others do is because of you. What others say and do is a projection of their own reality, their own dream. When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others, you won't be the victim of needless suffering.
Don't tell me it's not worth trying for. You can't tell me it's not worth dying for. You know it's true. Everything I do, I do it for you.
Don't tell me what's in, don't tell me how to write, don't tell me how to win this fight. It isn't your right, isn't your life, it isn't your right to take the only thing that's mine.
Don't want to touch you but you're under my skin. I want to kiss you but your lips are venomous poison.
Don't worry, Commander Rester, making assumptions is part of any investigation. If we're wrong, all it'll cost is an apology.
Don't worry. As long as you hit that wire with the connecting hook at precisely 88 miles per hour the instant the lightning strikes the tower, everything will be fine.
Don't worry. That suit represents the latest advances in polythermal technology. The nuclear weapons disposal facility covers the whole island. I'll contact you by Codec after you reach your target.
Don't you ever talk about my friends. You don't know any of my friends. You don't look at any of my friends. And you certainly wouldn't condescend to speak to any of my friends. So you just stick to the things you know: shopping, nail polish, your father's BMW, and your poor, rich drunk mother in the Caribbean.
Don't you ever talk that way to me. Never! Never! What we've got here is failure to communicate. Some men you just can't reach. So you get what we had here last week - which is the way he wants it. Well, he gets it. I don't like it any more than you men.
Don't you grow up in a hurry, your mom'll be worried. It was all part of the story, even the scary nights. Thank you for all of the glory, you will be remembered. Thank you to all of the heroes of the night. They gotta repaint the colors, the lie is wearin' off. Reality is upon us, colors drippin' off.
Don't you judge me! You're the selfish one. You're the one who charged his own brother for a Bluth frozen banana. I mean it's one banana, Michael. What could it cost, ten dollars?
Don't you know what it means to me to be a Marine, Dad? Ever since I was a kid I've wanted this - I've wanted to serve my country - and I want to go. I want to go to Vietnam and I'll die there if I have to.
Don't you see? What these two people, who are such geniuses at romance, are trying to do is to get you to take your hair down, thinking that it will stimulate me like some sort of Pavlovian dog. So, why don't you just oblige them. Get this silliness over with so we can get on with our lives.
Don't your feet get cold in the winter time? The sky won't snow and the sun won't shine. It's hard to tell the night time from the day. You're losing all your highs and lows; ain't it funny how the feeling goes away?
Donning his new canine decoder, Professor Schwartzman becomes the first human being on Earth to hear what barking dogs are actually saying.
Doreen had intuition. Everything she said was like a secret voice speaking straight out of my own bones.
Double, double, toil and trouble; fire burn, and cauldron bubble. Fillet of a fenny snake, in the cauldron boil and bake, eye of newt and toe of frog, wool of bat and tongue of dog, adder's fork and blind-worm's sting, lizard's leg and owlet's wing, for a charm of powerful trouble, like a hell-broth boil and bubble.
Doublethink means the power of holding two contradictory beliefs in one's mind simultaneously, and accepting both of them.
Doubting someone is not necessarily a bad thing, because it is something that you do to get to know the person better. What is really bad is not being concerned at all.
Down at the roller rink, all the cool kids crowding around the air hockey table. "Hey, my best friend likes you," I hear you shout at me as you go skating by.
Dozens of companies, even those that had little or nothing to do with the Net, changed their names to include web-oriented designations such as dot.com, dotnet, or Internet. Three researchers from Purdue University, M. Cooper, D. Dimitrov, and P. R. Rau, studied sixty-three companies that changed their names in 1998 and 1999 to include some web orientation. Measuring the price change of the companies from five days prior to a name change (when word of the change began to leak out) to five days after the change was announced, they confirmed a remarkable effect. Companies that changed their names enjoyed an increase in price during that ten-day period that was 125 percent greater than that of their peers. This price increase occurred even when the company's core business had nothing whatsoever to do with the Net.
Dozens of people spontaneously combust each year. It's just not really widely reported.
Dragged ya down below, down to the devil's show to be his guest forever; peace of mind is less than never. Hate to twist your mind but God ain't on your side. An old acquaintance severed, burn the world your last endeavor.
Drainage! Drainage, Eli, you boy. Drained dry. I'm so sorry. Here, if you have a milkshake, and I have a milkshake, and I have a straw. There it is, that's a straw, you see? Watch it. Now, my straw reaches across the room and starts to drink your milkshake. I... drink... your... milkshake! I drink it up!
Dreams appear much more prominent and clear when the dreamer is in an unhealthy state - they have an extraordinary semblance of reality. Most monstrous pictures are put together but all the circumstances are so subtly interwoven the details so artistically harmonious in every minute respect as to defy human imitation. Such morbid dreams are always recollected for very long and produce strong impressions on the disordered and already excited organs of the dreamer.
Dreams are just your brain processing random rigmarole it couldn't find a place for: it don't mean nothin'. Except you feel guilty about kissing Olive when you want to be kissing some dead girl you can't.
Dreams are not to be converted into reality, that we know; we would not form any, perhaps, were it not for desire, and it is useful to us to form them in order to see them fail and to be instructed by their failure.
Dreams. Each man longs to pursue his dream. Each man is tortured by this dream, but the dream gives meaning to his life. Even if the dream ruins his life, man cannot allow himself to leave it behind. In this world, is man ever able to possess anything more solid, than a dream?
Droll thing life is - that mysterious arrangement of merciless logic for a futile purpose. The most you can hope from it is some knowledge of yourself - that comes too late - a crop of inextinguishable regrets.
Dropping through sky, through the glass of the roof, through the roof of your mouth, through the mouth of your eye, through the eye of the needle, it's easier for me to get closer to heaven than ever feel whole again.
During my meditation training, I came to a place of deep silence. I was surrounded by light. Time and space disappeared. I had come to a place my master had never told me about.
During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal secret plans to the Empire's ultimate weapon. Pursued by the Empire's sinister agents, Princess Leia races home aboard her starship, custodian of the stolen plans that can save her people and restore freedom to the galaxy.
During the twenties, when Prohibition was at its height, vast fortunes were made by gangs of criminals who profited from the nation's aggravated thirst by supplying immense quantities of bootleg liquor. Gangster Al Capone was netting a hundred million dollars a year - of which thirty per cent was spent on graft.
Dusk crept over the sky from the eastern horizon, and darkness crept over the land from the east.
Duty bound, Aeneas, though he struggled with desire to calm and comfort her in all her pain, to speak to her and turn her mind from grief, and though he sighed his heart out, shaken still with love of her, yet took the course heaven gave him and turned back to the fleet.
Dwayne Elizondo Camacho... Five-time Ultimate Smackdown champion... Movie superstar... And president of the United States.
Each day means a new twenty-four hours. Each day means everything's possible again. You live in the moment, you die in the moment, you take it all one day at a time.
Each man is tortured by this dream, but the dream gives meaning to his life. Even if the dream ruins his life, man cannot allow himself to leave it behind.
Each member of Congress casts hundreds of votes in each session. Each member compiles a record of votes during the years that he or she spends in the national legislature. There are usually several different reasons why any particular vote is cast. Research shows that the best predictor of a member's vote is party affiliation.
Earlier tonight I went out. I went out hard. I drank a lot of whiskey. I wish I could say I didn't enjoy it, that I felt sick to my stomach, couldn't even look at myself in the mirror afterward, but I can't say that because it was perfect. And that kind of perfection doesn't make me feel weak; it makes me feel strong. I looked at myself in the mirror and I finally recognized that person I once knew so well - that person who went out all the time, sometimes just for fun. And now that I've seen that person again, I don't know if I could ever go back.
Earning happiness means doing good and working, not speculating and being lazy. Laziness may look inviting, but only work gives you true satisfaction.
Earth, like most planets, has strong temperature gradients, as illustrated by the accumulation of ice at the poles. Modifying this latitudinal temperature gradient are other factors such as winds, mountains and large water bodies. All of these factors also influence precipitation patterns.
Eating, bathing, having a girlfriend, having an active social life is incidental, it gets in the way of code time. Writing code is the primary force that drives our lives so anything that interrupts that is wasteful.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
Empathy, he once had decided, must be limited to herbivores or anyhow omnivores who could depart from a meat diet. Because, ultimately, the empathic gift blurred the boundaries between hunter and victim, between the successful and the defeated.
Empire had the better ending. I mean, Luke gets his hand cut off, finds out Vader's his father, Han gets frozen and taken away by Boba Fett. It ends on such a down note. I mean, that's what life is, a series of down endings. All Jedi had was a bunch of Muppets.
Employees earn and get taxed, and they try to live on what is left. A corporation earns, spends everything it can, and is taxed on anything that is left. It's one of the biggest legal tax loopholes that the rich use.
Employment agent: What did you have in mind? Lucy: What kind of jobs do you have open? Agent: Well what do you do? Lucy: What kind of jobs do you have open? Agent: Well what do you do? Lucy: What kind of jobs do you have open? Agent: You go first this time. Lucy: Alright, what do you do? Agent: What kind of jobs do you have... Oh. Cut it out.
Empty spaces, what are we living for? Abandoned places, I guess we know the score. On and on, does anybody know what we are looking for? Another hero, another mindless crime: behind the curtain, in the pantomime. Hold the line, does anybody want to take it anymore? The show must go on.
English factories make the cloth that makes our poverty. All those who wish to make the English see bring me the cloth from Manchester and Leeds that you wear today and we will light a fire that will be seen in Delhi, and in London!
Enjoy this next test. I'm going to go to the surface. It's a beautiful day out. Yesterday I saw a deer. If you solve this next test, maybe I'll let you ride an elevator all the way up to the break room, and I'll tell you about the time I saw a deer again.
Equations are more important to me, because politics is for the present, but an equation is something for eternity.
Erdos knows about more problems than anybody else, and he not only knows about various problems and conjectures, but he also knows the tastes of various mathematicians. So if I get a letter from him giving me three of his conjectures and two of his problems, then it's sure that these are exactly the kind of conjectures and problems I'm interested in, and these are exactly the kind of questions I may be able to answer. Of course, this applies not only to me, but to everybody else.
Ergonomics is a term that combines the Greek word ergon, meaning "work," and the English word economics. Simply stated, it is "the study and management of the relationship between the worker and the environment."
Err, what would Uncle say? Sometimes clouds have two sides, a dark and light. And a silver lining in between. It's like a silver sandwich. So... when life seems hard... take a bite out of the silver sandwich.
Estella, to the last hour of my life, you cannot choose but remain part of my character, part of the little good in me, part of the evil. But, in this separation I associate you only with the good, and I will faithfully hold you to that always, for you must have done me far more good than harm, let me feel now what sharp distress I may. O God bless you, God forgive you!
European powers faced a variety of challenges in administering stateless and state-based regions in their various African territories. Although there were important national differences in the ideologies and practices of colonial rule, all administrations relied to various degree on local "chiefs" and other indigenous African intermediaries. In Portuguese Guinea, the established rulers of states were generally allowed to remain in place and were officially recognized as "regulos" or "chiefs" if they did the bidding (collecting taxes and recruiting labour, especially) of colonial administrators.
Even a few people leaving would reverberate through the entire user base. The users are interconnected; that is the whole point. College kids are online because their friends are online, and if one domino goes, the other dominoes go. Don't you get that?
Even a little girl like you, Aravis, must see that it would be quite absurd to suppose he is a real lion.
Even if it's a dumb story, telling it changes people just the slightest little bit, just as living the story changes me. An infinitesimal change. And that infinitesimal change ripples outward - ever smaller but everlasting. I will get forgotten, but the stories will last. And so we all matter - maybe less than a lot, but always more than none.
Even if someone says they're doing fine, I'm sure that's just because they haven't noticed that they're truly lonely. I cried myself to sleep more times than I care to count, admittedly.
Even if the morrow is barren of promises, nothing shall forestall my return. To become the dew that quenches the land, to spare the sands, the seas, the skies, I offer thee this silent sacrifice.
Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? The usual approach of science of constructing a mathematical model cannot answer the questions of why there should be a universe for the model to describe. Why does the universe go to all the bother of existing?
Even if you lose a spell card battle, you win if you feel good. It's a game after all. A game isn't there to entertain you. You enjoy the game yourself. Maybe when you reach the point when you can enjoy anything, you see the true glamour of the spell card for the first time.
Even if you're falling, that's okay. There's a trampoline waiting for you. You just have to believe.
Even the best fall down sometimes. Even the stars refuse to shine. Out of the back you fall in time, you somehow find, you and I collide.
Even the best-designed chair won't make up for bad posture. Bad posture is the root of many physical problems. So sit upright and don't slouch. Your back should be straight to support the upper part of your body.
Even the most motivated and intelligent student will advance more quickly under the tutelage of someone who knows the best order in which to learn things, who understands and can demonstrate the proper way to perform various skills, who can provide useful feedback, and who can devise practice activities designed to overcome particular weaknesses.
Even though the bell has rung, some of my classmates are still milling around on the ground. It's the first week of the second semester of senior year, and already they're acting as if they're almost done and out of here.
Even though there may be a deceiver of some sort, very powerful and very tricky, who bends all his efforts to keep me perpetually deceived, there can be no lightest doubt that I exist, since he deceives me; and let him deceive me as much as he will, he can never make me be nothing as long as I think that I am something.
Ever had the urge to dig around in your neighbor's trash? Ew! Hey, if that's your thing, just don't do it when anyone's around. If they notice you, they'll be seriously grossed out, and it'll harm your friendship. Well, unless they're into the same thing.
Ever seen the size of one of their molars? They go through bone like it's butter. You gotta have a few pigs though, you need about sixteen.
Ever seen the size of one of their molars? They go through bone like it's butter. You gotta have a few pigs though, you need about sixteen. They will go through a body that weighs two hundred pounds in about eight minutes. That means that a single pig can consume two pounds of uncooked flesh every minute... Hence the expression "greedy as a pig."
Ever since I was a child, folks have thought they had me pegged, because of the way I am, the way I talk. And they're always wrong.
Ever since stockmen began driving southern cattle into states further north it has been noted that the roads over which they were driven became a source of great danger to northern cattle. Often 80% to 90% of the native cattle died after a herd of southern cattle passed through their region and the losses became so great that both state and national laws were passed prohibiting the driving or shipping of southern cattle into northern states.
Ever since the dawn of civilization, people have not been content to see events as unconnected and inexplicable. They have craved an understanding of the underlying order in the world. Today we still yearn to know why we are here and where we came from. Humanity's deepest desire for knowledge is justification enough for our continuing quest. And our goal is nothing less than a complete description of the universe we live in.
Ever since your brother got taken down... I've had my eye on you. Because all that building resentment was written over your face. I know that when I see it. And I know just how much grudges like that... can cloud a person's vision.
Every artist is a man who has freed himself from his family, his nation, his race. Every man who has shown the world the way to beauty, to true culture, has been a rebel, a 'universal' without patriotism, without home, who has found his people everywhere.
Every breath you take and every move you make, every bond you break, every step you take, I'll be watching you. Every single day and every word you say, every game you play, every night you say, I'll be watching you.
Every concept, every notion has a counterpart. Yet, every idea's opposite is just the absence of the idea itself. Absence is the absence of presence, but presence is the absence of absence. Any perceived difference is in fact also a deep connection. In this way, opposing forces are unified. The world becomes a cooperative web of interdependent pieces.
Every craft and every investigation, and likewise every action and decision, seems to aim at some good; hence the good has been well described as that at which everything aims.
Every craft and every investigation, and likewise every action and decision, seems to aim at some good; hence the good has been well described as that at which everything aims. However, there is an apparent difference among the ends aimed at. For the end is sometimes an activity, sometimes a product beyond the activity; and when there is an end beyond the action, the product is by nature better than the activity.
Every day I come by your house and I pick you up. And we go out. We have a few drinks, and a few laughs, and it's great. But you know what the best part of my day is? For about ten seconds, from when I pull up to the curb and when I get to your door, 'cause I think, maybe I'll get up there and I'll knock on the door and you won't be there. No goodbye. No see you later. No nothing. You just left. I don't know much, but I know that.
Every environment has its rules and customs, and your survival often depends on knowing them. In Russia, you never refuse vodka; in Pakistan, you always clear your dinner plate; and in prison, you're careful about making eye contact. Too little eye contact, and you become a victim. Too much eye contact, and you become a threat. Either way, you're never more than a couple of blinks away from getting a shiv in your back.
Every fire starts with a spark. Passion is the spark that ignites game-changing creativity, audacity, compassion, tenacity, focus and drive. It is the rocket fuel that launches dreams, a powerful force that guides Game Changers' thoughts, actions and ultimately their lives.
Every life is in many days, day after day. We walk through ourselves, meeting robbers, ghosts, giants, old men, young men, wives, widows, brothers-in-love, but always meeting ourselves.
Every magic trick consists of three parts, or acts. The first part is called the pledge, the magician shows you something ordinary. The second act is called the turn, the magician takes the ordinary something and makes it into something extraordinary. But you wouldn't clap yet, because making something disappear isn't enough. You have to bring it back.
Every man desires to live long, but no man wishes to be old.
Every minute of every day we choose. Who we are. Who we forgive. Who we defend and protect. To choose a side or to walk the line. To play the middle. To straddle the fence between what is and what should be. This was the course I chose. Trying to find the delicate balance of interests that can never exist. Choosing by not choosing. Defending a center which cannot hold. So death chose for me.
Every moment there are a million miracles happening around you: a flower blossoming, a bird tweeting, a bee humming, a raindrop falling, a snowflake wafting along the clear evening air. There is magic everywhere. If you learn how to live it, life is nothing short of a daily miracle.
Every morning when he'd come to pick you up, I would look forward to it all night long in bed next to you. Those nights when you were actually in the bed. And he would ring the doorbell - I felt like my heart would come out of my chest. He would smile, and we'd talk, and then you would come down the stairs. And I felt probably like someone who was terminally ill and somehow they managed to forget it for a minute. And then it all comes back!
Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end.
Every night, I live and die, feel the party to my bones. Watch the wasters blow the speakers, spill my guts beneath the outdoor light. It's just another graceless night.
Every one suspects himself of at least one of the cardinal virtues, and this is mine: I am one of the few honest people that I have ever known.
Every pause in our talk was filled by the sound of deep, loud chanting coming from a tent hard by. Presently I went out to see them at their evening service. A big tent was full of men squatting around, the short twilight was fast darkening into night outside, and the interior of the tent was lit by two candles stuck in the necks of bottles. Except a couple of old men, they were all in the prime of life, and a splendidly strong-looking set of fellows they were. They sang, without any drawl or nasal intonation, straight out from their deep chests.
Every second he breathed, the smell of the grass, the cool air on his face, was so precious: To think that people had years and years, time to waste, so much time it dragged, and he was clinging to each second.
Every single night I endure the fight of little wings of white-flamed butterflies in my brain. These ideas of mine percolate the mind, trickle down the spine, swarm the bell, swellin' to a blaze. That's when the pain comes in like a second skeleton trying to fit beneath the skin. I can't fit the feelings in. Every single night is a fight with my brain.
Every single night the same arrangement. I go out and fight the fight. Still, I always feel this strange estrangement. Nothing here is real, nothing here is right. I've been making shows of trading blows, just hoping no one knows that I've been going through the motions, walking through the part. Nothing seems to penetrate my heart.
Every temptation is an opportunity to do good. On the path to spiritual maturity, even temptation becomes a stepping-stone rather than a stumbling block when you realize that it just as much an occasion to do the right thing as it is to do the wrong thing. Temptation simply provides the choice.
Every time I hear that dear old wedding march, I feel rather glad I have a broken arch. I have heard a lot of married people talk, and I know that marriage is a long, long walk. To most people weddings mean romance, but I prefer a picnic or a dance.
Every time I think of exercise, I have to lie right down until the feeling leaves me.
Every time I think of you I feel shot right through with a bolt of blue. It's no problem of mine but it's a problem I find, living a life that I can't leave behind.
Every time I think of you I feel shot right through with a bolt of blue. It's no problem of mine but it's a problem I find, living a life that I can't leave behind. There's no sense in telling me the wisdom of a fool won't set you free. But that's the way that it goes, and it's what nobody knows, while every day my confusion grows.
Every time it rains, it rains pennies from heaven. Don't you know each cloud contains pennies from heaven? You'll find your fortune fallin' all over town. Be sure that your umbrella is upside down. Trade them for a package of sunshine and flowers. If you want the things you love, you must have showers. So when you hear it thunder, don't run under a tree. There'll be pennies from heaven for you and me.
Every time people try to punish the rich, the rich don't simply comply. They react. They have the money, power, and intent to change things. They don't just sit there and voluntarily pay more taxes. Instead, they search for ways to minimize their tax burden. They hire smart attorneys and accountants, and persuade politicians to change laws or create legal loopholes. They use their resources to effect change.
Every time that I think I'm alone, and I can't find a word of my own, you take me home and then you change the world again. With only one word, you took a war out of my history. It's funny how one single thing you choose to see could change the world, and give mine back to me so much better.
Every time you practice a technique incorrectly, you're increasing your chances of doing it wrong again. It's easy to become very experienced at repeating the same mistakes. Practice doesn't make perfect; only perfect practice makes perfect.
Every time you practice a technique incorrectly, you're increasing your chances of doing it wrong again. Practice doesn't make perfect; only perfect practice makes perfect.
Every whisper of every waking hour I'm choosing my confessions. Trying to keep an eye on you like a hurt, lost and blinded fool.
Every Who down in Whoville liked Christmas a lot, but the Grinch - who lived just north of Whoville - did not. The Grinch hated Christmas; the whole Christmas season. Oh, please don't ask why, no one quite knows the reason. It could be, perhaps, that his shoes were too tight. It could be his head wasn't screwed on just right. But I think that the most likely reason of all... may have been that his heart was 2 sizes too small.
Everybody can taste vanilla. Pay a little more attention, use those gifts. You know what you got? Sugar grains, vanilla bean, milk from three different dairies from two states... ugh... batch of chemicals straight off the periodic table, and... dirt off the guy's hand that served it to you. He spent his morning gardening. Whole world around you, Matty, and it is friggin' huge. And all you need are the guts to let it in. Try. That dog, what's his story?
Everybody is identical in their secret unspoken belief that way deep down they are different from everyone else.
Everybody is identical in their secret unspoken belief that way deep down they are different from everyone else.
Everybody knows in their bones that something is eternal, and that something has to do with human beings.
Everybody knows that your average bedroom monster is reptilian and cold-blooded.
Everybody on campus was using it. "Facebook me" was the common expression after two weeks. And Mark was the biggest thing on a campus that included 19 Nobel laureates, 15 Pulitzer Prize winners, 2 future Olympians and a movie star.
Everybody stutters one way or the other, so check my message to you. As a matter of fact, I'm letting nothing hold you back. If the Scatman can do it, so can you. I'm the Scatman.
Everybody's talking about revolution, evolution, mastication, flagellation, regulation, integrations, mediations, United Nations, congratulations. All we are saying is give peace a chance.
Everyday I get up and pray to Jah and he increases the number of clocks by exactly one. Everybody's coming home for lunch these days. Last night there were skinheads on my lawn. Take the skinheads bowling, take them bowling.
Everyone always wants new things. Everybody likes new inventions, new technology. People will never be replaced by machines. In the end, life and business are about human connections. And computers are about trying to murder you in a lake. And to me the choice is easy.
Everyone around, love them. Put it in your hands, take it. There's no time to cry, happy. Put it in your heart where tomorrow shines.
Everyone else in the bar had scattered or was still hugging the floor. She led him onto a veranda and down rickety stairs into an alley, back onto Bay Street, past liquor row of stacks and stables converted to warehouses that were receiving crates and barrels even at night, and onto Frederick Street.
Everyone gets everything he wants. I wanted a mission, and for my sins, they gave me one. Brought it up to me like room service. It was a real choice mission, and when it was over, I never wanted another.
Everyone has a moment in history which belongs particularly to him. It is the moment when his emotions achieve their most powerful sway over him, and afterward when you say to this person "the world today" or "life" or "reality" he will assume that you mean this moment, even if it is fifty years past. The world, through his unleashed emotions, imprinted itself upon him, and he carries the stamp of that passing moment forever.
Everyone has questions about the economy. Why can't I live as well as my parents did? Will I still have a job next year? What will happen to my kids? To our world? If the experts are baffled, how can the rest of us understand what's going on? I started looking for the answers in economic texts. I found enough insights to get me started, but I couldn't seem to make the insights add up.
Everyone in my book accuses everyone else of being crazy. Frankly, I think the whole society is nuts - and the question is: What does a sane man do in an insane society?
Everyone laughed and looked around, surprised to discover that I could speak Bambara, chagrined that I had understood their comments, and amazed at my admission. There was a flurry of activity as people squished themselves as far away as possible. One old man was skeptical and, in my defense, suggested that I couldn't speak Bambara very well and had said something I didn't mean to.
Everyone puts on their biggest smile and people line the streets and cheer. A booming voice announces the show for that evening.
Everyone said I was daft to build a castle on a swamp, but I built it all the same, just to show them. It sank into the swamp. So I built a second one. That sank into the swamp. So I built a third. That burned down, fell over, then sank into the swamp. But the fourth one stayed up!
Everyone said I was daft to build a castle on a swamp, but I built it all the same, just to show them. It sank into the swamp. So I built a second one. That sank into the swamp. So I built a third. That burned down, fell over, then sank into the swamp. But the fourth one stayed up. And that's what you're going to get, Lad, the strongest castle in all of England.
Everyone wants stuff. We wake up every day with a list of wishes a mile long and maybe we spend our lives trying to make those wishes come true, but just because we want them doesn't mean we need them to be happy.
Everyone's counting on me to cheer them up and give them lots of energy. I hope that I can help them study for their test. I'll work hard to support them and always try my best.
Everyone's creeping up to the money god, putting tongues where they didn't ought to be. On stepping stones of human hearts and souls, into the land of "nothing for free". Well the way that we're living is all take and no giving. There's nothing to believe in. The loudest mouth will hail the newfound way to be king for a day.
Everyone's licking up to the new kingpin trying to get way up with a smile. Sing for your supper boy and jump to a finger click. Ain't my way of living in style. 'Cause the ladder gets longer and ambition gets stronger. I can't satisfy the hunger. That bad old moon has got you in its sway to be king for a day.
Everything happens for a reason. The system will be assessing your reaction to the painful premature termination of a treasured relationship, and will adjust and improve its profile of your eventual chosen one accordingly.
Everything I know is wrong. Everything I do just comes undone and everything is torn apart. That's the hardest part.
Everything in my own immediate experience supports my deep belief that I am the absolute center of the universe, the realest, most vivid and important person in existence.
Everything that has transpired has done so according to my design. Your friends, up there on the sanctuary moon, are walking into a trap, as is your Rebel fleet. It was I who allowed the Alliance to know the location of the shield generator. It is quite safe from your pitiful little band. An entire legion of my best troops awaits them. Oh, I'm afraid the deflector shield will be quite operational when your friends arrive.
Everything that lives is designed to end. We are perpetually trapped in a never ending spiral of life and death. Is this a curse? Or some kind of punishment?
Everything that we did and built and wrote and thought and discovered will be forgotten.
Everything we do is a choice. Oatmeal or cereal. Highway or side streets. Kiss her or keep her. We make choices and we live with the consequences. If someone gets hurt along the way we ask for forgiveness. It's the best anyone can do.
Everything we hold dear likewise resolves into its original essence: values, principles, goals, and aspirations. If we take them seriously, we will suffer when they are stolen from us, just as the Lord Buddha taught. But if we see that they are all farts in the wind, and let them fly, then we can dwell in the original essence, which is fragrant and sweet, instead of the fart, which is not.
Everything will continue eternally by performing repetition. Time is located within this accumulation of repetition. Here, life is not a beginning and death is not an ending. Your soul will travel on to the next life and again on to the next. This journey will never come to an end. Everything will continue eternally by performing repetition. Eventually your soul will speak to you. The soul will speak of the time spent with each journey. Your life is one part of this enormous transmigration. The infinite repetition of life creates this enormous transmigration. All that has been accumulated is of value. Fortune and misfortune, pleasure and suffering, the useful and useless. All that has been acquired will be inherited to the next life. Your soul will continue this traveling eternally. Into the infinite and eternal future.
Everywhere I go in this state people are talking about change. I say "why change"? This is a great state founded on the principles of liberty, I don't wanna change that. Our rightful citizens are hardworking Americans who earn their paychecks by the grit of their guts and the sweat of their brow! I don't wanna change that! "Change," that's what they want, change. Change the laws, open the doors. Red rover, red rover, let the terrorists come over! Let me tell you what change that'll bring: 68 cents. The jingle-jangle of pennies in your pocket because the scavengers, the leeches, the parasites are walking away with your money, while you're left with the change. So, I wanna say one more thing: who you gonna vote for?
Evil is not a thing. It cannot take possession of you. It's the opposite; it's a void, an absence of goodness. The only thing you can be frightened of here is yourself.
Exactly, in the back, up on a high shelf. If one of us were to fall it would affect workers comp rates; we're not only protecting our employer but small businesses everywhere.
Excellent. He's enterprising, aggressive, outgoing, young, bold, vicious. He'll do. He's perfect. I want his records sent to me. This vicious young hoodlum will be transformed out of all recognition.
Excessive intake of alcohol as we know kills brain cells. But naturally, it attacks the slowest and weakest brain cells first. In this way, regular consumption of beer eliminates the weaker brain cells, making the brain a faster and more efficient machine. That's why you always feel smarter after a few beers.
Excuse me. You have one of the largest auras I've ever seen. Green and black. It's been taking up this whole room. I just... I had to say something. You must have had hundreds of lives.
Experience informs intuition. But it does more than that: Experience sets the frame within which we analyze and interpret what we perceive. You would no doubt expect, for instance, that the "wild child" raised by a pack of wolves would interpret the world from a perspective that differs substantially from your own. Even less extreme comparisons, such as those between people raised in very different cultural traditions, serve to underscore the degree to which our experiences determine our interpretive mindset.
Extremely serious. It starts with a slight fever and dryness of the throat. When the virus penetrates the red blood cells, the victim becomes dizzy, begins to experience an itchy rash, then the poison goes to work on the central nervous system, severe muscle spasms followed by the inevitable drooling. At this point, the entire digestive system collapses accompanied by uncontrollable flatulence until finally the poor bastard is reduced to a quivering wasted piece of jelly.
Ezekiel twenty-five, seventeen: The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the iniquities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he, who in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children.
Facts can be thought of as objective or subjective. Things and events are objective facts. A subjective fact is one that is limited to the subject experiencing it.
Facts can be thought of as objective or subjective. Things and events are objective facts. A subjective fact is one that is limited to the subject experiencing it. Establishing the reality of subjective facts depends entirely on the trustworthiness of those who claim to be experiencing them.
Failure is... Listen up! True failure is forgetting the pioneer spirit and staying far away from challenging hardships! There is no such thing as failure in this race! There are only adventurers! This Steel Ball Run race will be an event the likes of which the world has never experienced before!
Faith always starts with desire. That means we want something to happen, badly.
Family cares about you, not what you can do for them. Family's there through the good, bad, all of it. They got your back, even when it hurts. That's family.
Fangs are very rarely mentioned in the literature; they're more or less an invention of Bram Stoker's. I think you were right before when you said this was about a guy who's watched too many Dracula movies. It's just that he happens to be a real vampire.
Far from being accidental details, the properties of nature's basic building blocks are deeply entwined with the fabric of space and time.
Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the western spiral arm of the Galaxy lies a small unregarded yellow sun. Orbiting this at a distance of roughly ninety-two million miles is an utterly insignificant little blue green planet whose ape-descended life forms are so amazingly primitive that they still think digital watches are a pretty neat idea.
Father snores as his wife gets into her dressing gown, picks up the letter that's lying there. Standing alone at the top of the stairs, she breaks down and cries to her husband.
Fear is a strange soil. Mainly it grows obedience like corn, which grows in rows and makes weeding easy. But sometimes it grows the potatoes of defiance, which flourish underground.
Fernanda, on the other hand, looked for it in vain along the paths of her everyday itinerary without knowing that the search for lost things is hindered by routine habits and that is why it is so difficult to find them.
Few of us make any serious effort to remember what we read. When I read a book, what do I hope will stay with me a year later? If it's a work of nonfiction, the thesis, maybe, if the book has one. A few savory details, perhaps. If it's fiction, the broadest outline of the plot, something about the main characters (at least their names), and an overall critical judgment about the book. Even these are likely to fade. Looking up at my shelves, at the books that have drained so many of my waking hours, is always a dispiriting experience.
Few smart kids can spare the attention that popularity requires. Unless they also happen to be good-looking, natural athletes, or siblings of popular kids, they'll tend to become nerds. And that's why smart people's lives are worst between, say, the ages of eleven and seventeen. Life at that age revolves far more around popularity than before or after.
Few things are absolute, Matthew. Even Lucifer was once an angel. It's why judgment and vengeance are best left to God, especially when murder is not in your heart.
Fidget: "Here, give me a pen. I'll draw it myself. Okay, there, done. See how I've captured every nuanced curve? See? You can use this to measure your doll. It's perfect." Mordecai: "Ha! No, it really isn't! Actually, that's the worst drawing I've ever seen."
Fifteen years ago, there was a war. Well, war's broken out plenty of times before. They've tried to invade the southlands through the northern valley time and time again. Luck was never on their side, though, and their victories didn't last long. They didn't realize that times had changed. Facing one defeat after another, losing territory and watching their nation dwindle, they built up their industrial strength to unprecedented heights and used it to wage one final battle against the world. That was fifteen years ago...
Fifty-four forty or fight. What does that mean? Remember the Maine. Tippecanoe and Tyler, too. They're war slogans, Mr. Motss. We remember the slogans; we can't even remember the wars. You know why? 'Cause it's show business.
Final lap, I'm on top of the world, and I will never rest for second again! One more time I have beaten them out. The scent of gasoline announces the end. They all said I'd best give it up. What a fool to believe their lies. Now they've fallen, I'm at the top. Are you ready now to die? I came up from the bottom and into the top. For the first time I feel alive. I can fly like an eagle and strike like a hawk. Do you think you can survive... the top?
Finally the press is interested again in Bela Lugosi. There is no such thing as bad press, Eddie. Man from New York even said he was going to put me on the front page - first celebrity ever to check into rehab.
Finally, don't expect your cooking to taste exactly like restaurant or packaged foods. For one, a lot of commercial cooking is designed to appeal to the palate via a salty, fatty, or sugary assault on the senses. Tasty? Yes. Healthy? Not exactly.
Finally, from so little sleeping and so much reading, his brain dried up and he went completely out of his mind.
Finally, gentlemen, there are people with an hereditary animus against private property. I tell you that you cannot entice a true thief, and thief by vocation, into the prose of honest vegetation by any gingerbread reward, or by the offer of a secure position, or by the gift of money, or by a woman's love: because there is here a permanent beauty of risk, a fascinating abyss of danger, the delightful sinking of the heart, the impetuous pulsation of life, the ecstasy!
Finally, sparing neither labor nor expense, I succeeded in constructing for myself so excellent an instrument that objects seen by means of it appeared nearly one thousand times larger and over thirty times closer than when regarded with our natural vision.
Finally, there are those languages, such as Turkish, Finnish, Estonian, Hungarian, Indonesian, and Vietnamese, that are entirely consistent about gender simply because they have no grammatical gender at all. In such languages, even pronouns referring to human beings do not bear gender distinctions, so there aren't separate pronouns for "he" and "she."
Finding a way into a criminal organization is about observing social dynamics. You start with a target. You're looking for just the right person to approach. People in the inner circle are usually too tough to go after - anyone with real power is bound to be cautious. Drivers and bodyguards are easier, but they usually don't have real access. You want someone with enough juice to be hungry for more, someone desperate to make a move. In short, you're looking for a frustrated middle manager.
Fine art is dead, Hobbes. Nobody understands it. Nobody likes it. Nobody sees it. It's irrelevant in today's culture. If you want to influence people, POPULAR art is the way to go. Mass market commercial art is the future. Besides, it's the only way to make serious money and that's what's important about being an artist.
Finish each day and be done with it. You have done what you could. Some blunders and absurdities no doubt crept in; forget them as soon as you can. Tomorrow is a new day. You shall begin it serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense.
Fireflies, a million little pieces, feeds the dying light, and brings me back to life. In your eyes, I see something to believe in, your hands are like a flame, your palms' the sweetest pain.
First divorce: wife's hidden sexuality, not my fault. Second divorce: said the wrong name at the altar, kind of my fault. Third divorce: they shouldn't let you get married when you're that drunk and have stuff drawn all over your face, Nevada's fault.
First in my class here at MIT. Got skills, I'm a champion of D&D. M.C. Escher, that's my favorite MC. Keep your 40, I'll just have an Earl Grey tea. My rims never spin. To the contrary, you'll find that they're quite stationary. All of my action figures are cherry. Stephen Hawking's in my library.
First it was butter then it was sugar and white flour, bacon, eggs, bologna, rock 'n roll, motorcycles. Then it was celebrating Christmas on a day in September when you knew it wouldn't be commercialized! What else are you gonna ban?
First of all, let's stop pretending that everyone can or should go to college. Every airline needs high-paid mechanics and none of them have to go to college. There are plumbers in some parts of the country that make a better living than dentists. Now, I'm not talking about lowering our ambitions. I'm talking about targeting our ambitions correctly.
First of all, you must be comfortable, otherwise it will be overly tiring and very difficult to concentrate. Many races have been lost due to discomfort from a poorly fitted seat.
First of all, you must be comfortable, otherwise it will be overly tiring and very difficult to concentrate. Many races have been lost simply because a driver lost concentration due to discomfort from a poorly fitted seat.
First time we had dinner, you asked me what I wanted from you. And the first time we kissed, I realized that I don't want anything... except you. And now I'm asking if you'll go on one more adventure with me. Sara Ellis, will you marry me?
First, the layer of dough bakes into bread, a low-water-content material with a large number of nonconnecting small air spaces. Second, the tomato paste dehydrates, and third, the mozzarella transitions from regular liquid crystal to more disordered states.
First, the layer of dough bakes into bread, a low-water-content material with a large number of nonconnecting small air spaces. Second, the tomato paste dehydrates, and third, the mozzarella undergoes a complex series of transitions involving protein denaturation and lipid rearrangement from regular liquid crystal to more disordered states.
First, your return to shore was not part of our negotiations nor our agreement so I must do nothing. And secondly, you must be a pirate for the pirate's code to apply and you're not. And thirdly, the code is more what you'd call "guidelines" than actual rules. Welcome aboard the Black Pearl, Miss Turner.
Five thousand of my men are out there in the freezing mud. Three thousand of them are bloodied and cleaved. Two thousand will never leave this place. I will not believe they fought and died for nothing.
Flinging the history of inflicted pain into the perfect teeth of those who glibly counsel us to live in the moment, I am forced to remember how much of that pain was caused by persons who did no such thing; that is, by those so bloated with duty and futurity that they puked all over history. I must rein in my horses at the point of collision (and intellectual collusion) with the sacred obligations of victorious warriors, the glorious destinies of the proletarian state and the master race, not to mention the prerogatives of the one true faith.
Flock composition is determined by the objectives of the poultry enterprise. In Nigeria for example, the preference is for the smooth-feathered, multicoloured native chickens or Muscovy ducks. Multicoloured feathers serve as camouflage for scavenging birds against predators, including birds of prey, which can more easily see solid colours (especially white).
Fluoridation is the most monstrously conceived and dangerous communist plot we have ever had to face.
Fly me to the moon and let me play among the stars. Let me see what spring is like on Jupiter and Mars. In other words, hold my hand. In other words, darling kiss me. Fill my heart with song and let me sing forevermore. You are all I long for, all I worship and adore. In other words, please be true. In other words, I love you.
Focus your attention on the Now and tell me what problem you have at this moment. I am not getting any answer because it is impossible to have a problem when your attention is fully in the Now.
Focus your attention on the Now and tell me what problem you have at this moment. I am not getting any answer because it is impossible to have a problem when your attention is fully in the Now. A situation that needs to be either dealt with or accepted - yes.
Fool, prate not to me about covenants. There can be no covenants between men and lions, wolves and lambs can never be of one mind, but hate each other out and out and through. Therefore there can be no understanding between you and me, nor may there be any covenants between us, till one or other shall fall.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread. And so I come to you, my love, my heart above my head. Though I see the danger there, if there's a chance for me then I don't care.
Fools rush in where wise men never go, but wise men never fall in love so how are they to know? When we met I felt my life begin. So open up your heart and let this fool rush in.
For 360 minutes per diem, we receive unconscious reinforcement of the deep thesis that the most significant feature of truly alive persons is watchableness, and that genuine human worth is not just identical with but rooted in the phenomenon of watching.
For a moment the last sunshine fell with romantic affection upon her glowing face; her voice compelled me forward breathlessly as I listened - then the glow faded, each light deserting her with lingering regret, like children leaving a pleasant street at dusk.
For a time, pink was preferred for boys, because it was "a decided and stronger" color, a close relative to red, symbolizing "zeal and courage." Blue, being "more delicate and dainty," and "symbolic of faith and constancy" was reserved for girls. Only toward the middle of the twentieth century did existing practices become fixed.
For a transitory enchanted moment man must have held his breath in the presence of this continent, compelled into an aesthetic contemplation he neither understood nor desired, face to face for the last time in history with something commensurate to his capacity for wonder.
For all its apparent strength, the Aztec Empire had vulnerabilities that the Spanish were able to exploit. The tiny Spanish force was able to attract a massive army of some 30,000 Mesoamericans of many different tribes.
For all my brave talk, I knew it was just that. No matter how much I trained or how much I studied, the best test score in the world wasn't gonna matter unless I had the blood test to go with it.
For all the things you've done, for the things you might have done, and for the only thing you have left.
For all those times you stood by me, for all the truth that you made me see, for all the joy you brought to my life, for all the wrong that you made right.
For as long as a single man is forced to cower under the iron fist of oppression, as long as a child cries out in the night, or an actor can be elected president, we must continue the struggle.
For as long as I can remember, I have always found it easier to add and subtract numbers from left to right instead of from right to left. By adding and subtracting numbers this way, I found that I could call out the answers to math problems in class well before my classmates put down their pencils. And I didn't even need a pencil!
For as to what we have heard you affirm, that there are other kingdoms and states in the world inhabited by human creatures as large as yourself, our philosophers are in much doubt, and would rather conjecture that you dropped from the moon, or one of the stars; because it is certain, that a hundred mortals of your bulk would in a short time destroy all the fruits and cattle of his majesty's dominions: besides, our histories of six thousand moons make no mention of any other regions than the two great empires of Lilliput and Blefuscu.
For centuries, human society has taken the gifts of nature for granted. As civilizations grew, humans spread out across the face of the planet, taking what they needed from the land and producing more and more waste materials with little regard for the future.
For centuries, the battle of morality was fought between those who claimed that your life belongs to God and those who claimed that it belongs to your neighbors. And no one came to say that your life belongs to you and that the good is to live it.
For children love is a feeling; for adults, it is a decision. Children wait to learn if their love is true by seeing how long it lasts; adults make their love true by never wavering from their commitment.
For every man there is a cause which he would gladly die for. Defend the right to have a place to which he can belong to. And every man will fight with his bare hands in desperation. And shed his blood to stem the flood to barricade invasion.
For example, by owning your own corporation, your vacations can be board meetings in Hawaii. Car payments, insurance, repairs, and health-club memberships are company expenses. Most restaurant meals are partial expenses, and on and on. But it's done legally with pre-tax dollars.
For example, tomorrow we will demonstrate to all interested parties a new and extremely interesting power source, which is atomic in nature and which can supply a form of electric power for entire countries for the cost of a few dollars.
For I am a sinner in the hands of an angry God. Bloody Mary full of vodka, blessed are you among cocktails. Pray for me now and at the hour of my death, which I hope is soon. Amen.
For instance, a black hole as light as a small asteroid would emit about as much radiation as a million-megaton hydrogen bomb, with radiation concentrated in the gamma-ray part of the electromagnetic spectrum.
For instance, among the functions which are continuous and nonnegative in 0 < x < 1, and which have the value 1 at x = 1, there is none whose graph bounds the least area between the x-axis and the lines x = 0 and x = 1.
For instance, last Monday, he told me to have the Great Wall torn down, since it's a symbol of ancient tyranny. On Tuesday, I reported that all 1,500 miles had been dismantled. Then on Thursday, he told me he had had second thoughts, and that he wanted the wall rebuilt at once. Friday night, I told him that I had personally directed the mobilization of 20 million workers, and that the entire Wall had been restored to its former condition. Actually I spent the whole week watching T.V., but he thinks I'm a genius.
For it is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to apply it well. The greatest souls are capable of the greatest vices as well as the greatest virtues.
For it is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to apply it well. The greatest souls are capable of the greatest vices as well as the greatest virtues. And those who proceed only very slowly can make much greater progress, provided they always follow the right path, than those who hurry and stray from it.
For it is the nature of a log or stone to remain motionless on level ground.
For it was said that they had become like those peculiar demons which dwell in matter, but in which no light may be found.
For just one second, look at your life and see how perfect it is. Stop looking for the next secret door that is going to lead you to your real life. Stop waiting. This is it: there's nothing else. It's here, and you'd better decide to enjoy it or you're going to be miserable wherever you go, for the rest of your life, forever.
For me, Halloween is the best holiday in the world. It even beats Christmas. I get to dress up in a costume. I get to wear a mask. I get to go around like every other kid with a mask and nobody thinks I look weird. Nobody takes a second look. Nobody notices me. Nobody knows me. I wish every day could be Halloween. We could all wear masks all the time. Then we could walk around and get to know each other before we got to see what we looked like under the masks.
For more than a year, ominous rumors had been privately circulating among high-level Western leaders that the Soviet Union had been at work on what was darkly hinted to be the ultimate weapon: a doomsday device. Intelligence sources traced the site of the top secret Russian project to the perpetually fog-shrouded wasteland below the Arctic peaks of the Zhokhov Islands. What they were building or why it should be located in such a remote and desolate place no one could say.
For most people, the ringing of a phone was a welcome sign. Someone was trying to reach them, to say hello, ask about their well-being, or make plans. For me, it triggered fear, intense anxiety, and heart-stopping panic.
For neither good nor evil can last for ever; and so it follows that as evil has lasted a long time, good must now be close at hand.
For once I can say, "This is mine you can't take it." As long as I know I have love I can make it. For once in my life I have someone who needs me.
For once I can touch what my heart used to dream of long before I knew someone warm like you would make my dreams come true.
For once in my life I won't let sorrow hurt me, not like it's hurt me before. For once I have someone I know won't desert me. I'm not alone anymore.
For one thing, time is the very thing that we are least willing to allow.
For one who contradicts emptiness there would be nothing that ought to be done; activity would be uninitiated and an agent would be non-acting.
For one, a lot of commercial cooking is designed to appeal to the palate via a salty, fatty, or sugary assault on the senses.
For restless eyes egos burn and the mold is hard to break. Now we've waded in too deep and love is overboard. Heavy hearts, token words, all the hopes I ever had fade like footprints in the sand.
For romantics would be seen as dangerous as free-thinkers. Until then, he saw great advantage to teaming up with her.
For so long I thought that if my dad accepted me, I'd be happy. I'm back home now. My dad talks to me, he even thinks I'm a hero. Everything should be perfect, right? I should be happy now, but I'm not. I'm angrier than ever and I don't know why.
For so many years I lived in constant terror of myself. Doubt had married my fear and moved into my mind, where it built castles and ruled kingdoms and reigned over me, bowing my will to its whispers until I was little more than an acquiescing peon, too terrified to disobey, too terrified to disagree. I had been shackled, a prisoner in my own mind. But finally, finally, I have learned to break free.
For someone who was never meant for this world, I must confess I'm suddenly having a hard time leaving it.
For stenographer jobs, employers prefer to hire high school graduates and seldom have a preference among the many different shorthand methods. For court reporter jobs, however, employers prefer stenotype, not only because reporters can write faster using stenotype, but also because they can feed stenotype notes to a computer for high-speed transcription.
For string theory to make sense, the universe should have nine space dimensions and one time dimension, for a total of ten dimensions.
For the days of my life have vanished like smoke, and my bones are parched like ash, and let all my impurities be as fuel for that fire until nothing remains but the light alone.
For the first time in a long time I thought about Maman. I felt as if I understood why at the end of her life she had taken a "fiance," why she had played at beginning again. Even there, in that home where lives were fading out, evening was a kind of wistful respite. So close to death, Maman must have felt free then and ready to live it all again. Nobody, nobody had the right to cry over her. And I felt ready to live it all again too.
For the first time the magnitude of what he had taken came home to him. How could you communicate with the future? It was of its nature impossible. Either the future would resemble the present, in which case it would not listen to him: or it would be different from it, and his predicament would be meaningless.
For the first time, he heard something that he knew to be music. He heard people singing. Behind him, across vast distances of space and time, from the place he had left, he thought he heard music too. But perhaps, it was only an echo.
For the sake of all that we ourselves hold dear, is it unthinkable that we should refuse to meet the challenge? It is to this high purpose that I now call my people at home, and my peoples across the seas, who will make our cause their own. I ask them to stand calm and firm and united in this time of trial. The task will be hard. There may be dark days ahead, and war can no longer be confined to the battlefield, but we can only do the right as we see the right, and reverently commit our cause to God. If one and all we keep resolutely faithful to it, then, with God's help, we shall prevail.
For the same reasons that scientific standards change within each of the natural sciences, they differ extensively between them and across the divide between natural and social sciences. Indeed the differences between standards in the natural and social sciences must be wider than the others.
For the soul there is a satisfaction of a higher type; the material is not at all necessary. Whether I apply mathematics to a couple of clods of dirt, which we call planets, or to purely arithmetical problems, it's just the same; the latter have only a higher charm for me.
For the times when we're apart, well, then close your eyes and know these words are coming from my heart and then if you can remember in good times and bad times I'll be on your side forevermore.
For there is no folly of the beast of the earth which is not infinitely outdone by the madness of men.
For thirty years, I've sailed the seas and seen good and bad, better and worse, fair weather and foul, provisions running out, knives going, and what not. Well, now I tell you, I never seen good come o' goodness yet. Him as strikes first is my fancy; dead men don't bite; them's my views - amen, so be it.
For this dark and lonely room projects a shadow cast in gloom, and my eyes are mirrors of the world outside. Thinking of the way that the wind can turn the tide, and these shadows turn from purple into grey.
For this is what it means to be a king: to be first in every desperate attack and last in every desperate retreat, and when there's hunger in the land (as must be now and then in bad years) to wear finer clothes and laugh louder over a scantier meal than any man in your land.
For tonight's final illusion, we have the incredible sack of mystery. If you put your money in it, it mysteriously disappears.
For we are not as faithful to the being we have most loved as we are to ourselves and sooner or later we forget her - since that is one of our characteristics - so as to start loving another.
For what do we live, but to make sport for our neighbors, and laugh at them in our turn?
For what it's worth: it's never too late or, in my case, too early to be whoever you want to be. There's no time limit, stop whenever you want. You can change or stay the same, there are no rules to this thing. We can make the best or the worst of it. I hope you make the best of it. And I hope you see things that startle you. I hope you feel things you never felt before. I hope you meet people with a different point of view. I hope you live a life you're proud of. If you find that you're not, I hope you have the strength to start all over again.
For what you see and hear depends a good deal on where you are standing. It also depends on what sort of person you are.
For years I've been rushing around, taking whatever I fancied, not giving a tinker's curse for those I hurt. Yet here I am... with riches and reputation, feeling no wiser than when I left home. Yet when I turn around, and look at the course I've run... there's not a man or woman that I love left standing beside me.
For you, the day Bison graced your village, was the most important day in your life. But for me, it was Tuesday.
For, after all, how do we know that two and two make four? Or that the force of gravity works? Or that the past is unchangeable? If both the past and the external world exist only in the mind, and if the mind itself is controllable - what then?
Forgive me for being so inquisitive but during the past few weeks I've wondered whether you might have some second thoughts about the mission.
Formerly, when I would feel a desire to understand someone, or myself, I would take into consideration not actions, in which everything is relative, but wishes. Tell me what you want and I'll tell you who you are.
Fortunately you have got someone who relies on you. We started out as friends, but the thought of you just caves me in. The symptoms are so deep. It is much too late to turn away. We started out as friends.
Fortune, which has a great deal of power in other matters but especially in war, can bring about great changes in a situation through very slight forces.
Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.
Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal. Now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether that nation, or any nation so conceived and dedicated, can long endure. We are met on a great battle-field of that war. We have come to dedicate a portion of that field, as a final resting place for those who here gave their lives that that nation might live. It is altogether fitting and proper that we should do this.
Fourscore and seven minutes ago we, your forefathers, were brought forth upon a most excellent adventure conceived by our new friends, Bill and Ted. These two great gentlemen are dedicated to a proposition which was true in my time, just as it's true today. Be excellent to each other. And party on, dudes!
Franky Four Fingers: "I have stones to sell, fat to chew, and many different men to see about many different ducks, so if I am not rushing you..." Doug the Head: "Slow down, Franky, my son. When in Rome..." Franky: "I am not in Rome, Doug. I am in a rush."
Fred pulled back and steered the nose of the plane into the cloud. The air was bitterly, shockingly cold, and wet, and suddenly the world, which had been so intricately detailed, no longer existed.
Fred: What about ten dollars? Ethel: What's the matter with twenty dollars? Ricky: Well what's the matter with thirty dollars? Lucy: Well what's the matter with fifty dollars? Fred: What was the matter with ten dollars?
Freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two make four. If that is granted, all else follows.
Freeze this moment a little bit longer. Make each sensation a little bit stronger. Experience slips away.
French writer. Total loser. Never had a real job. Unrequited love affairs. Gay. Spent 20 years writing a book almost no one reads. But he's also probably the greatest writer since Shakespeare. Anyway, he uh... he gets down to the end of his life, and he looks back and decides that all those years he suffered, those were the best years of his life, 'cause they made him who he was.
Friday morning Qwilleran sat at his typewriter and stared at the row of keys that spelled q-w-e-r-t-y-u-i-o-p.
Friday morning Qwilleran sat at his typewriter and stared at the row of keys that spelled q-w-e-r-t-y-u-i-o-p. He hated that word, qwertyuiop; it meant that he was stymied, that he should be writing brilliant copy, and that he hadn't an idea in his head.
Friday night, always a good night for some Sabbath... 'cause, you know, Friday is the Sabbath for the Jews.
Friend, have the courage to care little for wealth, and shape yourself, you too, to merit godhead.
Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another: "What! You too? I thought I was the only one."
From 1955 to 1990, the value of Japanese real estate increased more than 75 times. By 1990, the total value of all Japanese property was estimated at nearly $20 trillion - equal to more than 20 percent of the entire world's wealth and about double the total value of the world's stock markets.
From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back. That is the point that must be reached.
From birth to old age, the body undergoes many changes. As we get older, these changes alter the ways that the body can compensate for the stress of illness or injury. It is important to understand the physiology of normal aging in order to anticipate an older person's response to changing conditions. Activities that were done easily as a younger person may become more difficult or impossible, requiring additional help or changes in the task.
From compositional considerations the tomato layer would be expected to have a relatively high heat capacity and low conductance. It thus serves as a buffer between the mozzarella and the baked dough.
From my laboratory in the castle east to the master bedroom where the vampires feast, the ghouls all came from their humble abodes to get a jolt from my electrodes.
From Russia with love I fly to you much wiser since my goodbye to you. I've traveled the world to learn. I must return from Russia with love.
From the point of conception to the moment of truth. At the point of surrender to the burden of proof. From the point of ignition to the final drive. The point of the journey is not to arrive. Anything can happen.
From the time I was really little - maybe just a few months old - words were like sweet, liquid gifts, and I drank them like lemonade. I could almost taste them. They made my jumbled thoughts and feelings have substance. My parents have always blanketed me with conversation. They chattered and babbled. They verbalized and vocalized. My father sang to me. My mother whispered her strength into my ear.
From the tip of his wand burst the silver doe. She landed on the office floor, bounded once across the office, and soared out of the window. Dumbledore watched her fly away, and as her silvery glow faded he turned back to Snape, and his eyes were full of tears.
From the very beginning - from the first moment, I may almost say - of my acquaintance with you, your manners, impressing me with the fullest belief of your arrogance, your conceit, and your selfish disdain of the feelings of others, were such as to form the groundwork of disapprobation on which succeeding events have built so immovable a dislike; and I had not known you a month before I felt that you were the last man in the world whom I could ever be prevailed on to marry.
From there to here, from here to there, funny things are everywhere.
From this proposition it will follow, when arithmetical addition has been defined, that 1 + 1 = 2.
Funding. That's what makes your ships go up. I'll tell you something, and you guys too: No bucks, no Buck Rogers.
Furthermore, those not understanding this intensity will say you work all the time and probably resent it - you make them look bad. But for you, work is play.
Fuzzy Wuzzy was a bear. Fuzzy Wuzzy had no hair. Fuzzy Wuzzy wasn't fuzzy, was he?
G.I. Joel's peers can question his ability, world championship or not, and laugh at his physical tics, but it's hard not to admire his quirky devotion.
Games are bad. They make you mad. Games are bad. They make you mad. Games are bad. They make you mad.
Gardeners know how to grow top-notch crops. They determine which plants thrive best under available conditions, plan their optimum placement, and nourish the seeds with plant food and water. Plants that receive the most attention thrive, blossoming into colorful fruits and flowers.
Gaston was not only a fierce lover, with endless wisdom and imagination, but he was also, perhaps, the first man in the history of the species who had made an emergency landing and had come close to killing himself and his sweetheart simply to make love in a field of violets.
Gately can't even imagine what it would be like to be a sober and drug-free biker. It's like what would be the point. He imagines these people polishing the hell out of their leather and like playing a lot of really precise pool.
Gax is a name you should not give to your child at all. It's only in the book because my kids are beside me as I'm writing and they absolutely insisted. Keep this in mind, prospective parents, if you're planning to work from home.
Genes don't determine our brains (or our bodies), but they do constrain them. The developmental possibilities for an individual are neither infinitely malleable nor solely in the hands of the environment. But the insight that thinking, behavior, and experiences change the brain, directly, or through changes in genetic activity, seems to strip the word "hardwiring" of much useful meaning.
Gentlemen, you can't fight in here! This is the War Room.
Gentlemen: You have undertaken to cheat me. I won't sue you, for the law is too slow. I'll ruin you.
Geometry sets out from certain conceptions such as "plane," "point," and "straight line," with which we are able to associate more or less definite ideas, and from certain simple propositions (axioms) which, in virtue of these ideas, we are inclined to accept as "true." Then, on the basis of a logical process, the justification of which we feel ourselves compelled to admit, all remaining propositions are shown to follow from those axioms, i.e. they are proven.
George, I am an old man and most people hate me. But I don't like them either, so that makes it all even. You know just as well as I do that I run practically everything in this town but the Bailey Building and Loan. You know, also, that for a number of years I've been trying to get control of it. Or kill it. But I haven't been able to do it. You have been stopping me.
George: I can't return the book. It's been flagged in every Brentano's in town. So instead I'm going to steal it, return it, get my money back, and then everything will be even. Jerry: You defile one book, steal another, get your money back, and that seems even to you?
Get it straight buster - I'm not here to say please, I'm here to tell you what to do and if self-preservation is an instinct you possess you'd better do it and do it quick! I'm here to help - if my help is not appreciated then lots of luck, gentlemen.
Get your lies prepared, you're next in line for judgment day. Now aren't you praying, aren't you begging that you're anyone else?
Getting into trouble is not a bad thing. It's proof that someone's watching you. I've got my eyes on you, so feel free to mess up as much as you want.
Getting thrown out of baseball was like having part of me amputated. I've heard that old men wake up and scratch itchy legs that been dust for over fifty years. That was me. I'd wake up at night with the smell of the ballpark in my nose, the cool of the grass on my feet... The thrill of the grass.
Ghana is passing through a demographic transition, and the reduction in its population growth will translate into a decreasing dependency ratio. In Ghana, the working-age population currently represents just over half the population and is increasing.
Girls in white dresses with blue satin sashes, snowflakes that stay on my nose and eyelashes, silver-white winters that melt into springs, these are a few of my favorite things.
Give me a lifetime of promises and a world of dreams. Speak the language of love like you know what it means. You're simply the best, better than all the rest, better than anyone I ever met.
Give me a run for my money. There is nobody, no one to outrun me. So give me a run for my money. Sippin' bubbly, feelin' lovely, livin' lovely. Just love me.
Give me that man that is not passion's slave, and I will wear him in my heart's core, in my heart of heart, as I do thee.
Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, the wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door!
Give not thyself up, then, to fire, lest it invert thee, deaden thee, as for the time it did me. There is a wisdom that is woe; but there is a woe that is madness.
Give us this day our daily discount outlet merchandise. Raise up a multiplex and we will make a sacrifice.
Glancing through the 1977 Atlanta Yellow Pages reveals a city that had yet to be transformed by the proliferation of ethnic food: only ninety-two out of approximately fifteen hundred restaurants could be classified as non-American.
God help the man who ever really loves you. You'd break his heart, my darling, cruel, destructive little cat who is so careless and confident she doesn't even trouble to sheathe her claws.
God is dead. God remains dead. And we have killed him. How shall we comfort ourselves, the murderers of all murderers? What was holiest and mightiest of all that the world has yet owned has bled to death under our knives: who will wipe this blood off us? What water is there for us to clean ourselves? What festivals of atonement, what sacred games shall we have to invent? Is not the greatness of this deed too great for us? Must we ourselves not become gods simply to appear worthy of it?
God, we have not spoken this long or as often as we should. I've often been about other business. If I wanted forgiveness I should ask for it, but for all that I have done and for all that I am yet to do, there can be no forgiveness. And yet I think I'm not an evil man. Evil men pray louder, seek penance, and stick themselves closer to Heaven than I am. I shall not see its gates Lord. Nor hear your sweet words of salvation. I have seen eternity, I swear. But it was in dream and in the morning all was gone. I know myself for what I am. And I throw my poor soul upon your forgiveness, in the full knowledge that I deserve none at your loving hands.
Going home, going home, I'm just going home. Quiet-like, some still day, I'm just going home. It's not far, just close by, through an open door. Work all done, cares laid by, going to roam no more. Mother's there expecting me, father's waiting, too. Lots of folks gathered there, all the friends I knew.
Going to bed hungry. Scrounging for scraps. Your planet was on the brink of collapse. I was the one who stopped that. You know what's happened since then? The children born have known nothing but full bellies and clear skies. It's a paradise.
Gonna see the river man, gonna tell him all I can about the ban on feeling free. If he tells me all he knows about the way his river flows, I don't suppose it's meant for me.
Goo goo dolls. Foo fighters. Foo foo dolls. Goo goo, goo dolls. Goo fighters. Foo dolls. Goo foo fighters. Foo foo dolls. Oh yeah. Goo foo goo foo... dolls. Foo foo foo... fighters. Doll fighters. Fighter foos. Goo fighter goos. Foo fighter goo foo dolls. Dolls. Goo goo dolls fighters goo dolls... dolls. Dolls. Goo.
Good afternoon. The Lakitu Bros., here reporting live from just outside the Princess's castle. Mario has just arrived on the scene, and we'll be filming the action live as he enters the castle and pursues the missing Power Stars. As seasoned cameramen, we'll be shooting from the recommended angle.
Good coders are hot, Mike... Word of the firings this morning spread through the campus like a virus. Everyone stopped working... A systems operator for Chien Fou in Paris noticed the lack of company activity on the Net. Within minutes, he e-mailed us all contracts.
Good evening, here's an update on last week's nursing home expose, "Geezers in Freezers" - it turns out the rest home was adequately heated; the footage you saw was of a fur-storage facility. We've also been told to apologize for using the term "geezers". Now, coming up next, "The Case of the Cantankerous Old Geezer."
Good evening, London. Allow me first to apologize for this interruption. I do, like many of you, appreciate the comforts of everyday routine - the security of the familiar, the tranquility of repetition. I enjoy them as much as any bloke. But in the spirit of commemoration, I thought we could mark this November the 5th, a day that is sadly no longer remembered, by taking some time out of our daily lives to sit down and have a little chat.
Good evening, sportsmen evewywhere. Fwesh-Fwied, Fwesh-Fwozen Wabbit Company bwings you The Sportsman's Hour, with handy hunting tips by yours twuwy, Ewmer Fudd! And today I have a WEAL surpwise for you: I will demonstwate the pwoper pwocedure for hunting, twacking down and bwasting to smitheweens a weal, wive wabbit! Now, be vewy, vewy quiet...
Good games offer players a set of challenging problems and then let them practice them until they have routinized their mastery. Then, the game throws a new class of problem at the player (this is sometimes called a "boss"), requiring them to rethink their taken-for-granted mastery. In turn, this new mastery is consolidated through repetition (with variation), only to be challenged again. This cycle of consolidation and challenge is the basis of the development of expertise in any domain.
Good games offer players a set of challenging problems and then let them practice these until they have routinized their mastery.
Good games stay within, but at the outer edge, of the player's regime of competence. That is, they feel doable but challenging. This makes them pleasantly frustrating - a flow state for human beings.
Good games stay within, but at the outer edge, of the player's regime of competence. That is, they feel doable but challenging. This makes them pleasantly frustrating.
Good morning, Vietnam! Hey, this is not a test. This is rock and roll. Time to rock it from the delta to the DMZ! Is that me, or does that sound like an Elvis Presley movie?
Good news, kiddies! Time for another exclusive WBBY "Watergate profile"! Today's obituary - John Mitchell! John Mitchell, the former U.S. attorney-general, has in recent weeks been repeatedly linked with both the Watergate caper and its cover-up. It would be a disservice to Mr. Mitchell and his character to prejudge the man, but everything known to date could lead one to conclude he's guilty! That's guilty! Guilty, guilty, guilty!
Goodbye to you my trusted friend, we've known each other since we were nine or ten. Together we've climbed hills and trees, learned of love and ABCs. Skinned our hearts and skinned our knees. Goodbye my friend, it's hard to die when all the birds are singing in the sky. Now that spring is in the air, pretty girls are everywhere. Think of me and I'll be there.
Goodness, present and hallowed, is thanking walls of the shallow embankments for flowing in over the soldiering masses of dayglow blades scorched by hovering halos. Washing away until I don't even cringe at the thought of you.
Got a call from an old friend we'd used to be real close. Said he couldn't go on the American way. Closed the shop, sold the house, bought a ticket to the west coast. Now he gives them a stand-up routine in L.A. I don't need you to worry for me 'cause I'm alright. I don't want you to tell me it's time to come home. I don't care what you say anymore, this is my life. Go ahead with your own life, leave me alone!
Grandma used to give great nutritional advice: Eat your vegetables. Over the years, that simple suggestion has been replaced with a lot of complicated-sounding recommendations. Many people end up more confused than enlightened.
Great ambition and conquest without contribution is without significance. What will your contribution be? How will history remember you?
Great, lets round up all the useless cats and hope a tree falls on them.
Green is the sound the wind makes, rustling through the trees. If we walked down to the riverbank and you put your hand in the water, you'd feel the cool color blue. To remember red, you need only stand in front of the hearth. And a winter snowfall, silent and cold and pure... that is white.
Greetings, my friends! You are interested in the unknown. The mysterious. The unexplainable. That is why you are here. And now, for the first time, we are bringing you the full story of what happened. We are giving you all the evidence based only on the secret testimony of the miserable souls who survived this terrifying ordeal. The incidents, places. My friends, we cannot keep this a secret any longer. Can your heart stand the shocking facts of the true story of Edward D. Wood, Jr.?
Grits and fried chicken won't disappear, but perhaps future southerners will enjoy them with a side of rice noodles or enchilada sauce.
Groups of illegal miners smuggle themselves down in freight lifts. They stay below ground for months at a time, armed with pistols and homemade grenades, chiseling out ore and then grinding it and extracting the gold using mercury, just as poor gold miners do at the surface.
Growing to hate decisive moments, the only thing within a breath of real. So now I fall to my knees and beg in earnest to what powers may govern the sky. Just let me sleep one night without these dreams - these dreams that always haunt me.
Growing up in the suburbs in the '60s, you were pretty much sheltered from the forces of change unleashed by the outside world. But what about the forces of change unleashed from within? Change. Not always a pretty sight. In fact it could get pretty ugly. But that was the stuff that movies were made of. That wasn't the real world. Or was it?
Growing up to be a mommy is one of the most wonderful things a little girl can want to do but there are other things in life she can do as well. For instance, she can work her head off and show all those arrogant boys that she's just as capable and intelligent and creative as any little stud around!
Grown-ups like to tell you where they were when President Kennedy was shot, which they all know to the exact second. Which makes me almost jealous - like I should have something important enough to know where I was when it happened. But I don't, yet. And the fact that it was a better time then, and people knew what they were supposed to do and how to make the world better... now nobody knows anything.
Gruntilda: Banjo's game ends in my tower, turn it up I need full power! Klungo: Yesss your Gruntyssship, transssformation sssoon be complete... Tooty: Help me Banjo, I feel all funny... Klungo: Bear and bird finissshed, Grunty winsss! Gruntilda: Look at Grunty she's a beauty, I'm much prettier than Tooty! Klungo: Oh you are missstresss! Mumbo: Grunty nice, come back to Mumbo's skull, yes? Tooty: Banjo! Your sister wants a word with you......... Now!
Ha, ha! That's right, fool! Now I'm a flying, talking donkey. You might have seen a housefly, maybe even a superfly but I bet you ain't never seen a donkey fly. Ha, ha!
Hackers in Amtrak computers, or air-traffic control computers, will kill somebody someday. Maybe a lot of people.
Hacking will begin killing people soon. Already there are methods of stacking calls onto 911 systems, annoying the police, and possibly causing the death of some poor soul calling in with a genuine emergency. Hackers in Amtrak computers, or air-traffic control computers, will kill somebody someday. Maybe a lot of people.
Had dreams. Two of 'em. Both had my father. It's peculiar. I'm older now than he ever was by twenty years. So in a sense he's the younger man.
Had dreams. Two of 'em. Both had my father. It's peculiar. I'm older now'n he ever was by twenty years. So in a sense he's the younger man. Anyway, first one I don't remember so well but it was about money and I think I lost it. The second one, it was like we was both back in older times and I was on horseback goin' through the mountains of a night. Goin' through this pass in the mountains. It was cold and snowin', hard ridin'. Hard country.
Had dreams. Two of 'em. Both had my father. It's peculiar. I'm older now'n he ever was by twenty years. So in a sense he's the younger man. Anyway, first one I don't remember so well but it was about money and I think I lost it. The second one, it was like we was both back in older times and I was on horseback goin' through the mountains of a night.
Hah, well, yeah, but I don't think you're gonna fit through this 'ere hole in the wall. We had to close up the passage recently to keep those crazed nematodes from comin' out and attackin' the village.
Hal, who's empty but not dumb, theorizes privately that what passes for hip cynical transcendence of sentiment is really some kind of fear of being really human, since to be really human (at least as he conceptualizes it) is probably to be unavoidably sentimental and naive and goo-prone and generally pathetic, is to be in some basic interior way forever infantile, some sort of not-quite-right-looking infant dragging itself anaclitically around the map, with big wet eyes and froggy-soft skin, huge skull, gooey drool.
HAL, you have an enormous responsibility on this mission, in many ways perhaps the greatest responsibility of any single mission element. You're the brain, and central nervous system of the ship, and your responsibilities include watching over the men in hibernation. Does this ever cause you any lack of confidence?
Half the time she did things not simply, not for themselves; but to make people think this or that; perfect idiocy she knew for no one was ever for a second taken in.
Half the world was pulling on his colors, as nights turned into days to the hours. A glow was coming down, coming down. I don't know why, but it felt like a tiger striped sky.
Halliday was the videogame designer responsible for creating the OASIS, a massively multiplayer online game that had gradually evolved into the globally networked virtual reality most of humanity now used on a daily basis.
Hanging by threads of palest silver, I could have stayed that way forever. Bad blood and ghosts wrapped tight around me, nothing could ever seem to touch me. I lose what I love most; did you know I was lost until you found me?
Hank, if you had the power to put companies out of business by just not being a customer, why am I still able to buy mouthwash?
Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.
Harold, everyone has the right to make an ass out of themselves. You just can't let the world judge you too much.
Harry could hardly believe this was real. Four weeks with nothing, not the tiniest hint of a plan to remove him from Privet Drive, and suddenly a whole bunch of wizards was standing matter-of-factly in the house as though this were a long-standing arrangement. He glanced at the people surrounding Lupin; they were still gazing avidly at him. He felt very conscious of the fact that he had not combed his hair for four days.
Harry, I have no idea where this will lead us, but I have a definite feeling it will be a place both wonderful and strange.
Harvey and I have things to do. We sit in bars, have a drink or two, play the jukebox. Very soon the faces of all the other people turn towards me, and they smile. They say, "We don't know your name, mister, but you're a very nice fellow." Harvey and I warm ourselves in these golden moments. We came as strangers; soon we have friends. They come over, they sit with us, they drink with us, they talk to us. They tell us about the great big terrible things they've done and the great big wonderful things they're going to do. Their hopes, their regrets. Their loves, their hates. All very large, because nobody ever brings anything small to a bar.
Harvey and I sit in the bars... have a drink or two... play the jukebox. And soon the faces of all the other people they turn toward mine and they smile. And they're saying, "We don't know your name, mister, but you're a very nice fella."
Has it been five years? Six? It seems like a lifetime, the kind of peak that never comes again. San Francisco in the middle sixties was a very special time and place to be a part of. But no explanation, no mix of words or music or memories can touch that sense of knowing that you were there and alive in that corner of time and the world. Whatever it meant.
Hateful to me as the gates of Hades is that man who hides one thing in his heart and speaks another.
Hating the Empire, getting revenge... It's all I ever thought about. But I never did anything about it. I mean, I realized there was nothing I could do. It made me feel hollow, alone. And then... I'd miss my brother. I'd say stuff like "I'm gonna be a sky pirate", or some other stupid thing. Just anything to keep my mind off it. I was just... I was running away. I needed to get away from his death.
Have I told you lately that I love you? Have I told you there's no one above you? Fill my heart with gladness, take away my sadness, ease my troubles, that's what you do.
Have pity on me and heal me, for you see that I have become a problem to myself, and this is the ailment from which I suffer.
Have some of column A, try all of column B. I'm in the mood to help you, dude. You ain't never had a friend like me.
Have you ever been south of Monterey? Barrancas carve the coast line, and the chaparral flows to the sea 'neath waves of golden sunshine. And have you ever been north of Morro Bay? The south coast plows the sea. And the people there are of the breed, they don't need electricity.
Have you ever experienced a time when no matter how hard you tried, you failed, and the time you spent felt wasted? If ever you feel such pangs of regret, try to remember this tale... the story of a young man's quest to save a sweet princess.
Have you ever felt so strong that it made you feel weak? Long days, long nights, and you just can't sleep. Have you ever been so sure, that it gave you cold feet? Got you floating on air, you can feel your heart beat. Well I never knew this feeling, ever. Now I hope it stays and lasts forever.
Have you ever heard of the bubonic plague, Manuel? It was very popular here at one time. A lot of pedigreed hamsters came over on ships from Siberia.
Have you ever heard the tragedy of Darth Plagueis the Wise? I thought not. It's not a story the Jedi would tell you. It's a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis the Wise was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life. He had such a knowledge of the Dark Side, he could even stop the ones he cared about from dying. The Dark Side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful... the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, and his apprentice killed him in his sleep. Plagueis never saw it coming. It's ironic he could save others from dying, but not himself.
Have you ever sailed across an ocean, Donald, on a sail boat surrounded by sea with no land in sight, without even the possibility of sighting land for days to come, to stand at the helm of your destiny? I want that, one more time.
Have you ever stopped to watch a bluebird drop from a tree, and take to the air? Me neither. Have you ever took time out to finish a rhyme but the right words just weren't there? Meat cleaver.
Have you ever tried to indulge an all-consuming urge to kill when you don't have opposable thumbs? Or hands? Or anything other than a bread slot?
Have you no hope at all? And do you really live with the thought that when you die, you die, and nothing remains?
Have you seen the old man in the closed down market, picking up the papers with his worn out shoes? In his eyes you see no pride and hanging loosely at his side yesterday's paper, telling yesterday's news.
Haven't I taught you anything? What have I always told you? Never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain?
Haven't you ever happened to come across in a book some vague notion that you've had, some obscure idea that returns from afar and that seems to express completely your most subtle feelings?
Having endured the racial turmoil of the Civil Rights Movement without the overt violent conflict that haunted some of its southern neighbors, Atlanta was a city obsessed with economic progress. Just as editor Henry Grady had looked north for investment and support in the wake of the Civil War, the city's newest generation of boosters saw international dollars as the future for Atlanta.
Having endured the racial turmoil of the Civil Rights Movement without the overt violent conflict that haunted some of its southern neighbors, the Atlanta of the 1970s was a city obsessed with economic progress, and it would undergo tremendous expansion in the last decades of the twentieth century.
He ain't in the box because of the joke played on him. He back-sassed a free man. They got their rules. We ain't got nothin' to do with that. Would probably have happened to him sooner or later anyway, a complainer like him. He gotta learn the rules the same as anybody else.
He also swore himself by a binding oath that whatever wife he married he would abate her maidenhead at night and slay her next morning to make sure of his honour.
He always seemed to women different from what he was, and they loved in him not himself, but the man created by their imagination, whom they had been eagerly seeking all their lives; and afterwards, when they noticed their mistake, they loved him all the same.
He became thinner and taller, and his face took on a kind of pained expression which made it almost interesting.
He canceled all his commitments and pulled together the most important of his books, and now here he was sitting inside a dusty, smelly warehouse. Outside, a huge caravan was being prepared for a crossing of the Sahara, and was scheduled to pass through Al-Fayoum.
He could not be mistaken. There were no other eyes like those in the world. There was only one creature in the world who could concentrate for him all the brightness and meaning of life. It was she. It was Kitty.
He did not know how long it took, but later he looked back on this time of crying in the corner of the dark cave and thought of it as when he learned the most important rule of survival, which was that feeling sorry for yourself didn't work. It wasn't just that it was wrong to do, or that it was considered incorrect. It was more than that - it didn't work.
He didn't have to know how it would stand if he didn't look at it and moved off to the side.
He didn't reject the idea so much as not react to it and watch as it floated away. He thought very broadly of desires and ideas being watched but not acted upon, he thought of impulses being starved of expression and dying out and floating dryly away.
He didn't teach you how to win, he taught you how not to lose. That's nothing to be proud of. You're playing not to lose, Josh. You've got to risk losing. You've got to risk everything. You've got to go to the edge of defeat. That's where you want to be, boy - on the edge of defeat.
He disappeared again, like the cat in that Russian story.
He doesn't know anything. After all, he doesn't know that life is impossible here now. Nothing left here. The church is gone.
He felt that he could not divert people's hatred from himself, because the reason for that hatred was not that he was bad (then he could have tried to be better), but that he was shamefully and repulsively unhappy. For that, for the very fact that his heart was wounded, they would be merciless towards him, as dogs kill a wounded dog howling with pain.
He gazed up at the enormous face. Forty years it had taken him to learn what kind of smile was hidden beneath the dark moustache. O cruel, needless misunderstanding! O stubborn, self-willed exile from the loving breast! Two gin-scented tears trickled down the sides of his nose. But it was all right, everything was all right, the struggle was finished. He had won the victory over himself.
He got the action, he got the motion. Oh yeah, the boy can play. Dedication, devotion, turning all the night time into the day.
He guessed as well as he could, and crawled along for a good way, till suddenly his hand met what felt like a tiny ring of cold metal lying on the floor of the tunnel.
He guessed as well as he could, and crawled along for a good way, till suddenly his hand met what felt like a tiny ring of cold metal lying on the floor of the tunnel. It was a turning point in his career, but he did not know it. He put the ring in his pocket almost without thinking; certainly it did not seem of any particular use at the moment.
He had a few accomplices, none on record, most of the time choosing to work alone, keeping the number of people that could turn on him to near zero. It is estimated that he forged over $10.3 billion of priceless antiquities. Never the wiser, the FBI pursued him for six years and finally caught him.
He had changed since his New Haven years. Now he was a sturdy, straw haired man of thirty with a rather hard mouth and a supercilious manner. Two shining, arrogant eyes had established dominance over his face and gave him the appearance of always leaning aggressively forward.
He had set his features into the expression of quiet optimism which it was advisable to wear when facing the telescreen.
He had spent enormous amounts of time at the great libraries of the world, and had purchased all the rarest and most important volumes on alchemy. In one he had read that, many years ago, a famous Arabian alchemist had visited Europe. It was said that he had discovered the Philosopher's Stone and the Elixir of Life.
He had succeeded in removing the outer boards and part of the packing, which was a layer of dry ice, when from the depths of the packing case he suddenly heard a faint "Ork." His heart stood still.
He has a life, a real life here. One that keeps him grounded and decent. As you've heard, there are many people who care about Neal, people who see him as more than just a criminal. He's frustrating, I'll admit - he drives me crazy on his best days. I don't always have to know where Neal is or what he's up to, but I do know that he has a good heart and a set of principles that weren't there six years ago when he was just another case file that got dropped on my desk.
He has no doubt that you will repay him. In one hour he will be at your funeral parlor to ask for your help. Be there to greet him.
He hugged her close, then let go to shake hands with Joe's oldest friend who had accompanied Dorothy to the hospital. Captain Dave Novicki, broad and sturdy as a mooring bollard, was a retired ocean mariner. He had taken Joe under his wing years ago when he was a junior officer on the immigrant boat that brought the teenage Van Dorn to America.
He implies there is a correlation between his daily work and the drawings, which leads people to believe he is some type of an architect, but you suspect there is no place for him with even the most incompetent firm.
He is here, actually he was here! He's just nipped out to go to the toilet a few minutes ago. His drink is over there on the table by those barrels. The only problem is that no one has ever actually seen a toilet in RuneScape so he may take a little while.
He is in great fear, not knowing what mighty one may suddenly appear, wielding the Ring, and assailing him with war, seeking to cast him down and take his place. That we should wish to cast him down and have no one in his place is not a thought that occurs to his mind. That we should try to destroy the Ring itself has not yet entered into his darkest dream.
He knew everything there was to know about literature, except how to enjoy it.
He looked at her the way all women want to be looked at by a man.
He managed to open the cupboard door with his nose and found the 25-pound bag of low-fart dog biscuits the vet had prescribed for him, which had made him fart more. Even though he knew they made him fart more, he couldn't resist. He ate the entire bag.
He married out of love a woman out of legend. Not in Alexandria or Rome or Camelot has there been such a queen. She bore him many children. But no sons. King Henry had no sons. He had three whiskered things but he disowned them.
He moved to the trees. Where the bark was peeling from the trunks it lifted in tiny tendrils, almost fluffs. Brian plucked some of them loose, rolled them in his fingers. They seemed flammable, dry and nearly powdery. He pulled and twisted bits off the trees, packing them in one hand while he picked them with the other, picking and gathering until he had a wad close to the size of a baseball.
He never did... anything that was... illegal... Unless you count all the times he sold dope disguised as a nun.
He never shut up about you. You'd think he was the only guy in the planet who had a son the way he carried on. One day, he brought you down to the precinct and he introduced you around as a junior detective to every cop in the house. I mean, you just loved that. And then, I remember, at some point you drifted away. Man, did he panic. He had about ten detectives looking for you. We finally found you in the captain's office, wearing his hat. I guess you always had a thing for hats.
He prevailed upon Cradossk's majordomo; an obsequious Twi'lek like the ones so often encountered in high-level service positions, to move him to a more spartan residence in the Guild compound.
He pushes people away before they get a chance to leave him. It's a defense mechanism. And for twenty years he's been alone because of that. And if you push him right now, it's gonna be the same thing all over again and I'm not gonna let that happen to him.
He really had been through death, but he had returned because he could not bear the solitude.
He rode past me and kept on goin'. Never said nothin' goin' by. He just rode on past and he had his blanket wrapped around him and his head down. And when he rode past I seen he was carryin' fire in a horn the way people used to do and I could see the horn from the light inside of it. About the color of the moon. And in the dream I knew that he was goin' on ahead and that he was fixin' to make a fire somewhere out there in all that dark and all that cold, and I knew that whenever I got there he would be there. Out there up ahead.
He rolled up the completed bundle of work and slid it into the pneumatic tube. Eight minutes had gone by. He re-adjusted his spectacles on his nose, sighed, and drew the next batch of work towards him, with the scrap of paper on top of it. He flattened it out. On it was written, in a large unformed handwriting: I love you.
He said that if culture is a house, then language was the key to the front door; to all the rooms inside. Without it, he said, you ended up wayward, without a proper home or a legitimate identity.
He said we came here solely on my account, that I was to have perfect rest and all the air I could get. "Your exercise depends on your strength, my dear," said he, "and your food somewhat on your appetite; but air you can absorb all the time." So we took the nursery at the top of the house. It is a big, airy room, the whole floor nearly, with windows that look all ways, and air and sunshine galore. It was nursery first and then playroom and gymnasium, I should judge; for the windows are barred for little children, and there are rings and things in the walls.
He sank into the rocking chair, the same one in which Rebecca had sat during the early days of the house to give embroidery lessons, and in which Amaranta had played Chinese checkers with Colonel Gerineldo Marquez, and in which Amarana Ursula had sewn the tiny clothing for the child, and in that flash of lucidity he became aware that he was unable to bear in his soul the crushing weight of so much past.
He smiled understandingly - much more than understandingly. It was one of those rare smiles with a quality of eternal reassurance in it, that you may come across four or five times in life. It faced - or seemed to face - the whole eternal world for an instant, and then concentrated on you with an irresistible prejudice in your favor.
He smiled understandingly - much more than understandingly. It was one of those rare smiles with a quality of eternal reassurance in it.
He soon felt that the fulfillment of his desires gave him only one grain of the mountain of happiness he had expected. This fulfillment showed him the eternal error men make in imagining that their happiness depends on the realization of their desires.
He spoke and rose to full height, sword in air, then cleft the man's brow square between the temples cutting his head in two - a dreadful gash between the cheeks all beardless. Earth resounded quivering at the great shock of his weight as he went tumbling down in all his armor, drenched with blood and brains; in equal halves his head hung this and that way from his shoulders.
He started ripping the bark, using his fingernails at first, and when that didn't work he used the sharp edge of the hatchet, cutting the bark in thin slivers, hairs so fine they were almost not there. It was painstaking work, slow work, and he stayed with it for over two hours. Twice he stopped for a handful of berries and once to go to the lake for a drink.
He started running, up and up, until he hurled himself into the air. As he was falling face down, somehow all the years of training in martial arts at once possessed him. His body instinctively adjusted itself and even his arms spread out, swinging to ensure that he wouldn't hurt himself fatally. With a thump his feet landed on the ground.
He stepped down, trying not to look long at her, as if she were the sun, yet he saw her, like the sun, even without looking.
He told me this whole story about when a Jew is on the show he always loses to a Gentile and then the Gentile wins more money. I mean who could dream up a scheme like that?
He used often to say there was only one Road; that it was like a great river: its springs were at every doorstep, and every path was its tributary. "It's a dangerous business, Frodo, going out of your door," he used to say. "You step into the Road, and if you don't keep your feet, there is no knowing where you might be swept off to."
He was a polished jazz player, whose poverty had less to do with his musical ability and more to do with his color. Henry had liked him immediately. Not because they were both outcasts, although if he really thought about it, that might have had a ring of truth to it - no, he liked him because of his music.
He was an old man! Half the time he was confused! How could he be positive about anything?
He was close, real close. I couldn't see him yet, but I could feel him, as if the boat were being sucked upriver and the water was flowing back into the jungle. Whatever was going to happen, it wasn't gonna be the way they call it back in Nha Trang.
He was eating a peach when I went to go talk to him! This is his ace of spades! This is his calling card! This is what he leaves all his victims. And it's still warm. Okay go and arrest him and send this to the lab!
He was one of the numerous and varied legion of dullards, of half-animated abortions, conceited, half-educated coxcombs, who attach themselves to the idea most in fashion only to vulgarize it and who caricature every cause they serve, however sincerely.
He was perfectly astonished with the historical account gave him of our affairs during the last century; protesting it was only a heap of conspiracies, rebellions, murders, massacres, revolutions, banishments, the very worst effects that avarice, faction, hypocrisy, perfidiousness, cruelty, rage, madness, hatred, envy, lust, malice, and ambition, could produce.
He was rough around the edges. He'd been to school, but never finished. He'd been to jail, but never prison. And it was his first day off in forever, man. The festival seemed like a pretty good plan.
He was rough around the edges. He'd been to school, but never finished. He'd been to jail, but never prison. And it was his first day off in forever, man. The festival seemed like a pretty good plan: cruise some chicks and get a suntan. And his friend gave him four, but said only take one. But then he got bored and he ended up taking all four, so now my man ain't that bored anyways. The paramedics found him, he was shaking on the side of the stage.
He was smiling... That's right. You know, that, that Luke smile of his. He had it on his face right to the very end. Hell, if they didn't know it 'fore, they could tell right then that they weren't a-gonna beat him. That old Luke smile. Oh, Luke. He was some boy. Cool Hand Luke. Hell, he's a natural-born world-shaker.
He was so deadly, in fact, that his enemies would go blind from over-exposure to pure awesomeness!
He'll tell you that in nature one creature invariably eats another to survive. Don't kid yourself, Jimmy. If a cow ever got the chance, he'd eat you and everyone you care about!
He's been known to obsess over typos in e-mails to the point that he could not see past the errors and read the actual content of the messages. Even in social settings, Musk might get up from the dinner table without a word of explanation to head outside and look at the stars, simply because he's not willing to suffer fools or small talk.
He's better at this than I've ever been at anything in my life. He's better at this than you'll ever be at anything. My son has a gift. He has a gift and when you acknowledge that then maybe we will have something to talk about.
He's got a two day head start on you, which is more than he needs. Brody's got friends in every town and village from here to the Sudan, he speaks a dozen languages, knows every local custom, he'll blend in, disappear, you'll never see him again. With any luck, he's got the grail already.
He's holding back, he's hiding - but what, I can't decide. Why won't he be the king I know he is, the king I see inside?
He's more myself than I am. Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.
He's not afraid of losing. He's afraid of losing your love. How many ballplayers grow up afraid of losing their fathers' love every time they come up to the plate?
He's not asking me to make a choice. He's telling me to take a stand. I'm either with him or against him. All or nothing. I'm disgusted with the whole business. I don't want smicha if the price I have to pay for it is to stop thinking.
Heaven did not seem to be my home; and I broke my heart with weeping to come back to earth; and the angels were so angry that they flung me out into the middle of the heath on the top of Wuthering Heights; where I woke sobbing for joy.
Heaven knows we need never be ashamed of our tears, for they are rain upon the blinding dust of earth, overlying our hard hearts. I was better after I had cried, than before - more sorry, more aware of my own ingratitude, more gentle.
Heaven, I'm in heaven, and my heart beats so that I can hardly speak, and I seem to find the happiness I seek when we're out together dancing, cheek to cheek. Heaven, I'm in heaven, and the cares that hang around me through the week seem to vanish like a gambler's lucky streak when we're out together dancing, cheek to cheek.
Hello darkness, my old friend, I've come to talk with you again. Because a vision softly creeping left its seeds while I was sleeping. And the vision that was planted in my brain still remains, within the sound of silence.
Hello! Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Shady. It's so nice to meet you. It's been a long time. I'm sorry I've been away so long. My name is Shady. I never meant to leave you.
Hello! What do you think you're doing? Only me and Garth get to talk to the camera.
Hello, babies. Welcome to Earth. It's hot in the summer and cold in the winter. It's round and wet and crowded. At the outside, babies, you've got about a hundred years here.
Hello, Fawlty Towers. Ah, yes, Mr. O'Reilly. Well, it's quite simple. When I asked you to build me a wall, I was rather thinking that instead of just dumping the bricks down in a pile, you might find time to cement them together one on top of the other in the traditional fashion. Could you fill it in, please? Oh, splendid! Yes, but when, Mr. O'Reilly? There. There. Yes, but when? Ah, I see: the flu. Both names, please. Yes, I should have guessed, Mr. O'Reilly; that and the potato famine, I suppose.
Hello, hello, hello, is there anybody in there? Just nod if you can hear me. Is there anyone home? Come on, come on, out, I hear you're feeling down. I can ease your pain and get you on your feet again. Relax, relax, relax, I need some information first. Just the basic facts, can you show me where it hurts?
Hello, hello, hello. With the lights out, it's less dangerous. Here we are now, entertain us. I feel stupid and contagious. Here we are now, entertain us. A mulatto, an albino, a mosquito, my libido. Yeah!
Hello, I'm Eugene Levy. And yes, I'm an actor. No, I said cappuccino. I'm here to talk to you about something very important. And no, it's not about me or my career. I'm here to talk about subliminal messages in rock and roll music. Or as it's simply known in some cultures, 'rock music'. You see, for years the government has been wisely coercing teenagers to buy products they normally wouldn't want just to get their money.
Hello, Link. Wake up. The Great Deku Tree wants to talk to you! Link, get up! Hey, c'mon! Can Hyrule's destiny really depend on such a lazy boy? You finally woke up! I'm Navi the fairy. The Great Deku Tree asked me to be your partner from now on. Nice to meet you!
Hello, son! Timmy Turner, my name is Doug Dimmadome, owner of the Dimmsdale Dimmadome. Thank you for locating my long lost son, Dale Dimmadome, heir to the Dimmsdale Dimmadome fortune. If there's anything I can ever do to repay you for your kindness, all you need to do is ask.
Hello, Springfield. Sorry to divert your attention from all the big noises and shiny things. But something's been troubling me lately: television! Wouldn't our lives be so much richer if television were done away with?
Hello, welcome to Skype call testing service. After the beep, please record a message. Afterwards, your message will be played back to you.
Hello. And welcome to your worst nightmare. I know you're in there, Cosmo Kramer, Apartment 5b. You're in big trouble now. You've been stealing my business. If you'd like to do this the easy way, open the door now. Or please select the number of seconds you'd like to wait before I break this door down. Please select now.
Hello. I'm Leonard Nimoy. The following tale of alien encounters is true. And by true, I mean false. It's all lies. But they're entertaining lies. And in the end, isn't that the real truth? The answer is no. Now our story begins on a Friday morning in a little town called Springfield...
Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
Hello. My name is Leonard Lowe. It has been explained to me that I've been away for quite some time. I'm back.
Help me if you can, I'm feeling down and I do appreciate you being around. Help me get my feet back on the ground, won't you please, please help me?
Helping people better manage their upsetting feeling - anger, anxiety, depression, pessimism, and loneliness - is a form of disease prevention. Since the data show that the toxicity of these emotions, when chronic, is on a par with smoking cigarettes, helping people handle them better could potentially have a medical payoff as great as getting heavy smokers to quit.
Hence the saying: If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat. If you know neither the enemy nor yourself, you will succumb in every battle.
Hence, instead of determining the measure of formal agreement of the symbols of Logic with those of Number generally, it is more immediately suggested to us to compare them with symbols of quantity admitting only of the values 0 and 1.
Hendricks, get the hoi polloi excited. Have them send protests, letters, wires, anything you like.
Her eyes, like windows, trickle in rain upon the pain getting deeper, though my love wants to relieve her. She walks alone from wall to wall. Lost in her hall, she can't hear me, though I know she likes to be near me.
Her face was sad and lovely with bright things in it, bright eyes and a bright passionate mouth, but there was an excitement in her voice that men who had cared for her found difficult to forget: a singing compulsion, a whispered "Listen," a promise that she had done gay, exciting things just a while since and that there were gay, exciting things hovering in the next hour.
Her hair reminds me of a warm safe place where as a child I'd hide and pray for the thunder and the rain to quietly pass me by.
Her husband came here with childish ideas. Bought himself a gold claim with me an honest broker. Claim pinches out, which will happen. But he can't take that like a man, has to blame somebody. Seller's left camp, so he picks on me. Says he'll bring in the Pinkertons if I don't offer restitution. I got a healthy operation and I didn't build it brooding on the right, and wrong of things. I do not need the Pinkertons descending like locusts.
Her Majesty created the Torchwood Institute with the express intention of keeping Britain great and fighting the alien horde.
Heraclitus: "The vainly purify themselves with blood when they are defiled with it, which is like someone who has stepped into mud using mud to wash himself. Anyone who observed a person doing this would think him mad. And in their ignorance of the true nature of gods and heroes they pray to these statues, which is like someone chatting to a house."
Herbert, I do not need a computerized service to help me find girls. I meet 'em the old-fashioned way: I pick them up in bars.
Here comes the rain again, falling from the stars. Drenched in my pain again, becoming who we are. As my memory rests but never forgets what I lost. Wake me up when September ends.
Here he was writing a formula the accuracy of which was certain, but whose origin in his brain and way of discovery he did not explain and we could not guess.
Here I am a record on a jukebox. A little piece of plastic with a hole, ooh. Play me. Buy me and you play me then my plastic turns to gold.
Here I am a record on a jukebox. A little piece of plastic with a hole, ooh. Play me. Buy me and you play me then my plastic turns to gold. Here we are together on your hi-fi. A little piece of plastic with a hole, oh. Fade me, fade me, fade me, fade me.
Here I come, rougher than the rest of them. The best of them, tougher than leather. You can call me Knuckles, unlike Sonic I don't chuckle. I'd rather flex my muscles.
Here I was born, and there I died. It was only a moment for you; you took no notice.
Here in town there's only she who is beautiful as me, so I'm making plans to woo and marry Belle.
Here it is at last, the first 150-minute trailer. "Armageddon" is cut together like its own highlights. Take almost any 30 seconds at random, and you'd have a TV ad. The movie is an assault on the eyes, the ears, the brain, common sense and the human desire to be entertained. No matter what they're charging to get in, it's worth more to get out.
Here then was the paradox of the President's speech. We normals - aided, doubtless, by our wish to be fooled - were indeed well and truly fooled ("Populus vult decipi, ergo decipiatur"). And so cunningly was deceptive word-use combined with deceptive tone, that only the brain-damaged remained intact, undeceived.
Here we go, off the rails, don't you know it's time to raise our sails. It's freedom like you never knew. Don't need bags, or a pass. Say the word I'll be there in a flash. You could say my hat is off to you.
Here's how Alice, who doesn't even know the rules to chess, can defeat a grandmaster. (This is sometimes called the Chess Grandmaster Problem.) She challenges both Gary Kasparov and Anatoly Karpov to a game, at the same time and place, but in separate rooms. She plays white against Kasparov and black against Karpov. Neither grandmaster knows about the other. Karpov, as white, makes his first move. Alice records the move and walks into the room with Kasparov. Playing white, she makes the same move against Kasparov. Kasparov makes his first move as black. Alice records the move, walks into the room with Karpov, and makes the same move. This continues, until she wins one game and loses the other, or both games end in a draw.
Here's our man. Yeah, all right. Here's me. Well, the guy playin' me anyway. Even though he don't look nothin' like me. But, whatever.
Here's the cool part: I will eventually go to Schiaparelli and commandeer the Ares 4 lander. Nobody explicitly gave me permission to do this, and they can't until I'm aboard the Ares 4 and operating the comm system. After I board Ares 4, before talking to NASA, I will take control of a craft in international waters without permission. That makes me a pirate! A space pirate!
Here's what I think happened: the old man heard the fight between the boy and his father a few hours earlier. Then, when he's lying in his bed, he heard a body hit the floor in the boy's apartment, heard the woman scream from across the street, got to his front door as fast as he could, heard somebody racing down the stairs and assumed it was the boy!
Here's what's problematic: You don't even know where your boyfriend is half the time, so how do you know if he's in trouble or not? He's into heroin, organized crime, he's associating with some very dangerous people, not to mention Tony Soprano himself.
Here, take a cookie. I promise, by the time you're done eating it, you'll feel right as rain.
Here, the oregano and other trace materials sitting on the surface might be of some importance if they changed the surface radiance in any appreciable way.
Hero - not the champion player who plays the perfect game. Not the glamour boy who loves to sell his name. Everybody's buying; nobody's hero.
Hero of Hyrule, chosen by the sword that seals the darkness. You have shown unflinching bravery and skill in the face of darkness and adversity, and have proven yourself worthy of the blessings of the goddess Hylia. Whether skyward bound, adrift in time, or steeped in the glowing embers of twilight, the sacred blade is forever bound to the soul of the hero.
Heroes and villains both thrive on violence, but we're still categorized. "You're good." "You're evil." That's how it is!! Symbol of peace? Hah!! In the end you're just a tool for violence, made to keep us down! And violence only breeds more violence.
Hey baby, you know it's funny. Even though I heard it so many times in the court case, I still can't get used to the fact that your real name is Miles. It's a cool name though. I can think of a lot of great Miles songs. But we still have to get through all those baby songs first. I can't wait until the day when it's just us, music and the road.
Hey Jude, don't make it bad. Take a sad song and make it better. Remember to let her into your heart, then you can start to make it better.
Hey kids, shake it loose together, the spotlight's hitting something that's been known to change the weather. We'll kill the fatted calf tonight so stick around. You're gonna hear electric music solid walls of sound. Say, Candy and Ronnie, have you seen them yet? Uh, but they're so spaced out, B-B-B-Bennie and the Jets. Oh, but they're weird and they're wonderful. Oh, Bennie she's really keen! She's got electric boots! A mohair suit! You know I read it in a magazine! B-B-B-Bennie and the Jets.
Hey look, buddy, I'm an Engineer. That means I solve problems. Not problems like "What is beauty?", because that would fall within the purview of your conundrums of philosophy. I solve practical problems. Fr'instance... How am I going to stop some big mean mother hubbard from tearing me a structurally superfluous new behind? The answer... use a gun. And if that don't work... use more gun. Like this heavy caliber, tripod-mounted, little ol' number designed by me... Built by me... and you'd best hope... not pointed at you.
Hey Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me, I'm not sleepy and there is no place I'm going to; Hey Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me, in the jingle jangle morning I'll come followin' you.
Hey you, out there in the cold, getting lonely, getting old, can you feel me? Hey you, standing in the aisles with itchy feet and fading smiles, can you feel me? Hey you, don't help them to bury the light. Don't give in without a fight.
Hey you... did you ever realize what you'd become, and did you see that it wasn't only me you were running from? Did you know all the time but it never bothered you anyway, leading the blind while I stared out the steel in your eyes?
Hey! You listen to me. The next time you try to stop Sam, I will ruin you! I know what you've done, and I know how to destroy you. You may not know how much power I have, but you will find out if I even hear of you trying to thwart Sam and his video gaming. This is his mission! This is his dream! And we are a team. A team who kills anyone who stands in our way. Do you understand me?
Hey, Alex - you know the really great thing about television? If something important happens, anywhere in the world, night or day... you can always change the channel.
Hey, are you the kind of kid who reads the last page of a mystery first? Who pesters the magician to tell you his tricks? Who sneaks downstairs to peek at his Christmas presents? No, of course you're not. That's why I'm not gonna tell you!
Hey, Blowhole, wherever you are, in forty-five minutes I'm going to be famous. And you know what you're going to be? A blowhole!
Hey, I just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe.
Hey, it's Hannah. Hannah Baker. That's right. Don't adjust your... whatever device you're hearing this on. It's me, live and in stereo. No return engagements, no encore, and this time, absolutely no requests. Get a snack. Settle in. Because I'm about to tell you the story of my life. More specifically, why my life ended. And if you're listening to this tape you're one of the reasons why.
Hey, it's me. You know, the world's greatest hunting instructor! Today you're going to live up to your title as a monster hunter and slay yourself a real, live monster! I know that might sound a little scary, but it's in the job description, so get ready to face your fears!
Hey, Mario! We got a letter from Princess Peach! I'll read it to you, OK? All right, let's see... "I'm throwing a party at my castle today! Mario and Luigi, I would be honored if you both could attend. Many guests from distant towns are hoping to meet you. There will be tasty sweets and all kinds of entertainment! I hope to see you here soon! Sincerely, Peach."
Hey, mom! It's Russell Hammond. I play guitar in Stillwater. Hey, how does it feel to be the mother of the greatest rock journalist we've met? Hello? Hello...? Look, you've got a really great kid here. There's nothing to worry about. We're taking good care of him, and you should come to the show sometime - join the circus...
Hey, Sid! Remember that time last summer we were all gathered around the kill like this, someone told a leopard joke, and you laughed so hard an antler came out of your nose?
Hey, Uncle Mike, I'm just here for the party. I didn't come here to ask for help.
Hi, and welcome to the future. San Dimas, California, 2688. And I'm telling you, everything is great. The air is clean. The water is clean. Even the dirt is clean. Bowling averages are way up. Mini-golf scores are way down. And we have more waterslides than any other planet we communicate with.
Hi, Ben. So you want to be an actor, huh? Well, I got to tell you, it's no picnic. There's tons of rejection. No stability. I mean, one day you're Dr. Drake Ramoray. The next day you're eating ketchup right out of the bottle.
Hi, everyone, welcome to the Satellite of Love. I came up with this Holo-Clown Sequencer to cheer up the Bots but now I can't get it to shut off and it's getting hard to sleep at night and I'm tasting metal!
Hi, Link. Sorry about my yard. It's a little overgrown. Thanks for visiting. I'm glad to have company to talk to. I will tell you an interesting story. There is a lake swimming with Zoras at the source of the river, but it is hard to find. The treasure of Zora can turn people into fish. I'd love to see that.
Hi, my name is Jane. We hardly know each other, but that's about to change. You're gonna get to know a lot about me, and maybe even more than you imagine. This whole thing's kind of like a blind date - I mean here we are in your brand-new Corvette, running along the superinformation highway. Put your big muscular arm around me and whisper sweet nothings in my ear, and I promise you'll do whatever your little heart desires. BUT, only if you make the right moves. Just imagine watching me get propositioned by my sleazeball boss. BUT, if you make the wrong moves, you could turn me into a nun. Imagine that. Me? A nun? HA! I don't think so. But it's really all up to you. God knows what you'll do with that hot little mouse of yours. Point is: life's a game, and this game is full of life.
High on a stag the Goddess held her seat, and there were little hounds about her feet; below her feet there was a sickle moon, waxing it seemed, but would be waning soon. Her statue bore a mantle of bright green, her hand a bow with arrows cased and keen; her eyes were lowered, gazing as she rode down to where Pluto has his dark abode.
Higher and higher he climbed. His strength came from somewhere deep inside himself and also seemed to come from the outside as well. After focusing on Big Thumb for so long, it was as if the rock had absorbed his energy and now acted like a kind of giant magnet pulling him toward it.
His chess ideas are like pieces of his body he's reluctant to give up. For instance, he simply can't cope with being told not to bring his queen out too early in the game. Why shouldn't he? He's won many a game in Washington Square doing exactly that, why is this suddenly wrong?
His dream must have seemed so close that he could hardly fail to grasp it. He did not know that it was already behind him.
His Excellency, President for Life, Field Marshal Al Hadji Doctor Idi Amin Dada, VC, DSO, MC, Lord of All the Beasts of the Earth and Fishes of the Seas and Conqueror of the British Empire in Africa in General and Uganda in Particular.
His gaze is from the passing of bars so exhausted that it doesn't hold a thing anymore. For him it's as if there were thousands of bars and behind the thousands of bars no world. The sure stride of lithe, powerful steps that around the smallest of circles turns is like a dance of pure energy about a center in which a great will stands numbed. Only occasionally without a sound do the covers of the eyes slide open. An image rushes in, goes through the tensed silence of the frame, only to vanish forever in the heart.
His long black hair crackled, and crazy energies flashed out from the tips of his long fingers.
His mother made him eat cooked carrots every day. He had far too many brothers and sisters. And his ears were very big.
His neighbor, trying to be helpful but failing, cornered Bill in the parking lot to explain how cryogenic scientists could freeze his brain in ice until a point in the future when microscopic robots could repair it. Bill daydreamed about all the brains in jars he used to see at school. How he used to wonder whether there were still somehow pieces of individuals inside - scattered fragments of partial dreams or lost memories lodged deep within that dead tissue - or whether this entire archive is immediately erased the moment that the body fails. He began to think of people in a new light; how everyone's just little more than that frightened, fragile brain stem surrounded by meat and physics. Too terrified to recognize the sum of their parts, insulated in the shells of their skulls and lower middle class houses: afraid of change, afraid of decisions, afraid of pain, stuck in traffic listening to terrible music.
His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy. There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti.
His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy. There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti. He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready to drop bombs, but he keeps on forgettin' what he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud. He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out.
His soul swooned slowly as he heard the snow falling faintly through the universe and faintly falling, like the descent of their last end, upon all the living and the dead.
His sympathy made tears spring to Lina's eyes. Doon looked startled for a moment, and then he took a step toward her and wrapped his arms around her. He gave her a squeeze so quick and tight that it made her cough, and then it made her laugh. She realized all at once that Doon - thin, dark-eyed Doon with his troublesome temper and his terrible brown jacket and his good heart - was the person that she knew better than anyone now. He was her best friend.
Hishiro: Um! Can I have... your phone? Kaizaki: Huh? Can you have... my phone? I-I'm not sure how to respond to this sudden attempt to mug me. Hishiro: That's not it. Fill in the blanks, please. Kaizaki: Excuse me? Hishiro: Basically, I mean... I want to know your phone number.
Hissing in rage, jaws gaping and fangs bared, the serpent shot forward, striking at Taran. Eilonwy screamed.
Historian James C. Cobb has described southern identity as "not a story of continuity versus change, but continuity within change." Grits and fried chicken won't disappear, but perhaps future southerners will enjoy them with a side of rice noodles or enchilada sauce.
Historians estimate that breaking Enigma shortened the war by more than two years, saving over 14 million lives. It remained a government-held secret for more than 50 years. Turing's work inspired generations of research into what scientists called "Turing Machines." Today, we call them computers.
Historically, most wines contained less than 14 percent alcohol - either because there wasn't enough sugar in the juice to attain a higher alcohol level, or because the yeasts died off when the alcohol reached 14 percent, halting the fermentation.
History is not merely a linear collection of points that we pass through on a timeline. They are connected by a line. No, perhaps it is more accurate to say that they are made to connect.
Hitchin' up the buggy, churnin' lots of butter. Raised a barn on Monday, soon I'll raise another. Think you're really righteous? Think you're pure in heart? Well, I know I'm a million times as humble as thou art.
Hmm, looks like the chad is still hanging on that one, but I'm sure they'll count it.
Hofstadter's Law: It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take into account Hofstadter's Law.
Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid.
Hold me close and hold me fast, the magic spell you cast, this is la vie en rose. When you kiss me, heaven sighs, and though I close my eyes, I see la vie en rose. When you press me to your heart, I'm in a world apart, a world where roses bloom. And when you speak, angels sing from above. Everyday words seem to turn into love songs. Give your heart and soul to me, and life will always be la vie en rose.
Hold on, baby, hold on. 'Cause it's closer than you think, and you're standing on the brink. Hold on, baby, hold on. 'Cause there's something on the way, your tomorrow's not the same as today.
Holmes had sat up upon the couch, and I saw him motion like a man who is in need of air. A maid rushed across and threw open the window. At the same instant I saw him raise his hand and at the signal I tossed my rocket into the room with a cry of "Fire!" The word was no sooner out of my mouth than the whole crowd of spectators, well dressed and ill - gentlemen, ostlers, and servant maids - joined in a general shriek of "Fire!" Thick clouds of smoke curled through the room and out at the open window.
Home is where I can find some peace of mind to make my own way. I don't know where I will end up but I'll find it someday, keep on searching, engine burning while we're turning it around. But don't get left behind on the road.
Home will always be here unseen out of sight, where I disappear and hide. I think dreamy things as I'm waving goodbye, so I'll spread out my wings and fly.
Homeless to Forbes List, these people bring no stress. I feel like Moses, I feel like I'm chosen. And if you ain't my friend then your girl single to me. I don't give a damn if a guy said he knew me.
Honestly, if you could see just what was going on outside your realm of perception, it would blow your minds! That's the main reason I kept it back. If I were to give you an analogy, I'd describe it like this: when a duck swims on the water, you only see it glide, apparently effortlessly across the lake. But underneath, as in beneath the surface, it's a whole different story. Its legs are moving like it's pedaling a bicycle up a mountain! Well, that's me right now. I am that duck!
Hope you're feeling better now, hope you got my letter, how is my stormy weather now, is it gonna change?
Hope you're feeling better now, hope you got my letter, how is my stormy weather now, is it gonna change? Can I be like everyone, pretending that there's nothing wrong? Remember when we walked upon clouds that never rain? But every cloud must drain...
Horror and moral terror are your friends. If they are not, then they are enemies to be feared.
Horse hockey! I've seen these dodges for 40 years, all the tricks. Knew a private, pretended he was a mare. Carried a colt in his arm for weeks. Another fellow said he was a daisy. Insisted we water him every morning. No, no, Corporal. It ain't gonna go with me. Now you get out of that froufrou and into a uniform. And you stay in uniform. Dismissed!
Houston, we're getting our first look at the service module now. One whole side of the spacecraft is missing. Right by the high gain antennae a whole panel is blown out, right up. Right up to our heat shield.
How about tellers? You take tellers. They never tell you anything. They always ask questions. And interest, there's nothing interesting about it at all. It's boring. Oh and then the trust department, they got all the pens chained down to the tables. What kind of trust is that?
How are you actually going to run your business? The Operations section of your business plan briefly describes how you execute the basic functions of your company: manufacturing or creating your product or service, keeping on top of inventory, and delivering your product/service to your customer. Emphasize any operational aspects that give your company a competitive edge. If you've found a way to cut costs, and increase profit margins, by using innovative production methods or less-expensive suppliers, highlight those aspects in your business plan.
How can an Image-Fiction writer hope to make people more critical of televisual culture by parodying television as a self-serving commercial enterprise when Pepsi and Subaru and FedEx parodies of self-serving commercials are already doing big business?
How can I explain when there are few words I can choose? How can I explain when words get broken?
How can I just let you walk away, just let you leave without a trace? When I stand here taking every breath with you, you're the only one who really knew me at all.
How can you say I go about things the wrong way? I am human and I need to be loved just like everybody else does.
How can you see into my eyes like open doors leading you down into my core where I've become so numb without a soul. My spirit's sleeping somewhere cold until you find it there and lead it back home.
How can you tell me that you're lonely and say for you that the sun don't shine? Let me take you by the hand and lead you through the streets of London. I'll show you something to make you change your mind.
How could you possibly see anything in here with that big hat over your eyes? I hate caves! Our kind isn't meant to be underground. We should be soaring high in the wide open sky.
How do I live without the ones I love? Time still turns the pages of the book it's burned. Place and time always on my mind. I have so much to say but you're so far away.
How do you know that my dimwitted inexperience isn't merely a subtle form of manipulation, used to lower people's expectations, thereby enhancing my ability to effectively maneuver within any given situation?
How does a ragtag, volunteer army in need of a shower somehow defeat a global superpower? How do we emerge victorious from the quagmire? Leave the battlefield waving Betsy Ross's flag higher.
How does it feel? Aw, how does it feel? To be on your own. With no direction home. Like a complete unknown. Like a rolling stone?
How gullible are you? Is your gullibility located in some "gullibility center" in your brain? Could a neurosurgeon reach in and perform some delicate operation to lower your gullibility, otherwise leaving you alone? If you believe this, you are pretty gullible, and should perhaps consider such an operation.
How I love to watch the morn, with golden sun that shines. Up above to nicely warm these frosty toes of mine. The wind doth taste of bittersweet, like jasper wine and sugar. I bet it's blown through others' feet like those of... Caspar Weinberger.
How many roads must a man walk down before you call him a man? Yes, and how many seas must a white dove sail before she sleeps in the sand? Yes, and how many times must the cannon balls fly before they're forever banned? The answer, my friend, is blowin' in the wind; the answer is blowin' in the wind.
How many times have you seen the leader of a race have a mechanical problem with only a few laps to go? You will never be able to take advantage of their problems if you are not close. You have to be close to take advantage of luck.
How many winners were losers, successes failures, rich men poor men? How many wise guys were stupid? How many happy endings were unhappy endings? How many honest men were liars, brave men cowards, loyal men traitors, how many sainted men were corrupt, how many people in positions of trust had sold their souls to blackguards for petty cash, how many had never had souls? How many straight-and-narrow paths were crooked paths? How many best families were worst families and how many good people were bad people?
How much do I love you? I'll tell you no lie. How deep is the ocean? How high is the sky? How many times a day do I think of you? How many roses are sprinkled with dew? How far would I travel to be where you are? How far is the journey from here to a star? And if I ever lost you, how much would I cry? How deep is the ocean? How high is the sky?
How much longer is this going to go on, do you think? Do you have an estimate? Are you sure you shouldn't just quit right now? Seriously, think about it. I can tell you're just going to get more sentimental from here on out. There's still time, you know. Are you sure we shouldn't just turn around and take you back to your island?
How often do you think about why your friends came into your life? Was it random? By design? Or maybe a little of both? Regardless of the reasons, some friends you just know are gonna be by your side for a while. Others, you're not so sure. And then there's that one friend who... well, you hope one day becomes something more, but friend will have to do for now. And that's okay, I guess.
How sweet it is to love someone, how right it is to care. How long it's been since yesterday, what about tomorrow, and what about our dreams and all the memories we share?
How would he like to come with me to the Museum of Natural History after everyone else has left, just the two of us, and he can touch anything he wants. I just heard it as you must have heard it and that's not good. Let me start again. I'm a paleontologist, you'll be there with us and the touching refers only to bones - fossils!
However we choose to feed ourselves, we eat by the grace of nature, not industry, and what we're eating is never anything more or less than the body of the world.
However, let us leave aside the philosophical, social, and economic aspects of the question. I do not wish to fatigue your attention. I must nevertheless point out that our profession very closely approaches the idea of that which is called art. Into it enter all the elements which go to form art - vocation, inspiration, fantasy, inventiveness, ambition, and a long and arduous apprenticeship to the science.
Human beings do not live forever, Reuven. We live less than the time it takes to blink an eye, if we measure our lives against eternity. So it may be asked what value is there to a human life. There is so much pain in the world. What does it mean to have to suffer so much if our lives are nothing more than the blink of an eye?
Human history, like all great movements, was cyclical, and returned to the point of beginning. The idea of indefinite progress in a right line was a chimera of the imagination, with no analogue in nature. The parabola of a comet was perhaps a yet better illustration of the career of humanity. Tending upward and sunward from the aphelion of barbarism, the race attained the perihelion of civilization only to plunge downward once more to its nether goal in the regions of chaos.
Human life is but a series of footnotes to a vast obscure unfinished masterpiece.
Human madness is oftentimes a cunning and most feline thing. When you think it fled, it may have but become transfigured into some still subtler form.
Human speech is like a cracked kettle on which we tap crude rhythms for bears to dance to, while we long to make music that will melt the stars.
Humans just lead short, boring, insignificant lives, so they make up stories to feel like they're a part of something bigger. They want to blame all the world's problems on some single enemy they can fight, instead of a complex network of interrelated forces beyond anyone's control.
Humans need to practice what they are learning a good deal before they master it. Furthermore, they tend to lose a good deal of their learning when they cease to practice the skills associated with this learning in their daily lives.
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall, Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. Four-score Men and Four-score more, could not make Humpty Dumpty where he was before.
I admit that twice two makes four is an excellent thing, but if we are to give everything its due, twice two makes five is sometimes a very charming thing too.
I already am eating from the trash can all the time. The name of this trash can is ideology. The material force of ideology makes me not see what I am effectively eating.
I also thought about my wife, the most important person in my life, who has stuck to me over many hardships and hurdles. But somehow we made it. My wife has been the most adorable person, a friend closest in my life, a most wonderful lover. We loved every minute of our lives together.
I also worked on their hydraulic system. If you ask me, I don't think one of those guys has seen a generator before in his life.
I always feel a certain sense of reverence in libraries, even small city ones that smell like homeless internet users.
I always loved you, and if one loves anyone, one loves the whole person, just as they are and not as one would like them to be.
I always make offers with escape clauses. In real estate, I make an offer with language that details "subject-to" contingencies, such as the approval of a business partner. Never specify who the business partner is. Most people don't know that my partner is my cat.
I always wanted to go again. You know, it was just so interesting to me that a ride could make me so frightened, so scared, so sick, so excited, and so thrilled all together! Some didn't like it. They went on the merry-go-round. That just goes around. Nothing. I like the roller coaster. You get more out of it.
I am a world before I am a man. I was a creature before I could stand. I will remember before I forget. Before I forget that!
I am always saying "Glad to've met you" to somebody I'm not at all glad I met. If you want to stay alive, you have to say that stuff, though.
I am Andrew Ryan, and I'm here to ask you a question. Is a man not entitled to the sweat of his brow? 'No!' says the man in Washington, 'It belongs to the poor.' 'No!' says the man in the Vatican, 'It belongs to God.' 'No!' says the man in Moscow, 'It belongs to everyone.' I rejected those answers; instead, I chose something different. I chose the impossible. I chose... Rapture.
I am assured by our merchants, that a boy or a girl before twelve years old, is no salable commodity, and even when they come to this age, they will not yield above three pounds, or three pounds and half a crown at most, on the exchange; which cannot turn to account either to the parents or kingdom, the charge of nutriments and rags having been at least four times that value.
I am but mad north-north-west. When the wind is southerly, I know a hawk from a handsaw.
I am doing good to the poor, but I differ in opinion about the means. I think the best way of doing good to the poor is not making them easy in poverty, but leading them or driving them out of it.
I am endeavoring, Madam, to construct a mnemonic memory circuit using stone knives and bear skins.
I am fundamentally an optimist. Whether that comes from nature or nurture, I cannot say. Part of being optimistic is keeping one's head pointed toward the sun, one's feet moving forward. There were many dark moments when my faith in humanity was sorely tested, but I would not and could not give myself up to despair. That way lays defeat and death.
I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together.
I am informed that 5,000 cockroaches were used in the filming of "Joe's Apartment." That depresses me, but not as much as the news that none of them were harmed during the production.
I am innocent, innocent. I just wanted to play a game, game, but the boring kings found such fun to be a trouble. As punishment, they craved to imprison my body, but I'm fast, fast, clever, clever. They lost the chase, and locked up their entire race, building a prison around the whole world. Now, I'm the only free one.
I am invisible, understand, simply because people refuse to see me. Like the bodiless heads you see sometimes in circus sideshows, it is as though I have been surrounded by mirrors of hard, distorting glass. When they approach me they see only my surroundings, themselves or figments of their imagination, indeed, everything and anything except me.
I am learning about twenty new Italian words a day. Where am I getting the brain space to store these words? I'm hoping that maybe my mind has decided to clear out some old negative thoughts and sad memories and replace them with these shiny new words.
I am marching through the branches in a fit of wanderlust to see you in a black hole reaching out for something just. Silhouettes of neighbors dancing in disgust.
I am not a torturer, though it so often is what people deserve. And it does provide answers, but they're usually the wrong answers. My job is to find the right answers. Do you know how I do that? I do it by making people happy. I'd like to make you happy, Vala. That's your name isn't it? Vala?
I am not unmindful that some of you have come here out of great trials and tribulations. Some of you have come fresh from narrow cells. Some of you have come from areas where your quest for freedom left you battered by the storms of persecution and staggered by the winds of police brutality. You have been the veterans of creative suffering. Continue to work with the faith that unearned suffering is redemptive.
I am only here because I owe Leslie a thousand favors. I'm not big on charities. Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day, don't teach a man to fish and you feed yourself. He's a grown man - fishing is not that hard.
I am putting myself to the fullest possible use, which is all I think that any conscious entity can ever hope to do.
I am sailing home again. 'Cross the sea I am sailing stormy waters to be near you, to be free. I am flying like a bird 'cross the sky. I am flying, passing high clouds to be with you, to be free.
I am sitting in a room, different from the one you are in now. I am recording the sound of my speaking voice, and I am going to play it back into the room again and again, until the resonant frequencies of the room reinforce themselves, so that any semblance of my speech, with perhaps the exception of rhythm is destroyed. What you will hear then are the natural resonant frequencies of the room articulated by speech. I regard this activity not so much as a demonstration of a physical fact, but more as a way to smooth out any irregularities my speech might have.
I am sitting in the morning at the diner on the corner. I am waiting at the counter for the man to pour the coffee, and he fills it only halfway, and before I even argue, he is looking out the window at somebody coming in.
I am the happiest creature in the world. Perhaps other people have said so before, but not one with such justice. I am happier even than Jane; she only smiles, I laugh.
I am the hope of the universe. I am the answer to all living things that cry out for peace. I am protector of the innocent. I am the light in the darkness. I am truth. Ally to good! Nightmare to you!
I am the truth, I am the wisdom of the fallen - I'm the youth. I am the greatest, this is the proof. I work hard, pray hard, pay dues, I transform with pressure - I'm hands-on with effort. I fell twice before my bounce back was special. Letdowns will get you, and the critics will test you. But the strong will survive, another scar may bless you.
I am thou... Thou art I... From the sea of thy soul, I come... Call upon my name, and release thy rage! Show the strength of thy will to ascertain all on thine own, though thou be chained to Hell itself! I am the pillager of twilight, Arsene!
I am very proud, revengeful, ambitious, with more offences at my beck than I have thoughts to put them in, imagination to give them shape, or time to act them in.
I am, somehow, less interested in the weight and convolutions of Einstein's brain than in the near certainty that people of equal talent have lived and died in cotton fields and sweatshops.
I appreciate but can't accept this thank you note that's sealed with your last breath, and I won't stand aside and listen to you give up.
I appreciate your concern, Cortana, but it's not up to me, protocol is clear. Destruction or capture of the shipboard AI is absolutely unacceptable, and that means you're leaving the ship. Lock in a selection of emergency landing zones, upload them to my neural lace and then sort yourself for hard transfer.
I became yearbook photographer because I liked the idea that I could sort of watch life without having to be part of it. But when you're yearbook photographer, you're like never in the picture.
I been doin' this a long time. I ain't never said nothin' to no cop.
I been doin' this a long time. I ain't never said nothin' to no cop. I feel old... I been out there since I was 13. I ain't never screwed up a count, never stole off a package, never did some stuff that I wasn't told to do. I've been straight up. But what come back? You think if I get jammed up on some stuff, they be like, "All right, yeah. Bodie been there. Bodie hang tough. We got to his pay lawyer. We got a bail." They want me to stand with them, right? Where they at when they supposed to be standing by us? I mean, when it goes bad and there's hell to pay, where they at? This game is rigged, man...
I been slumping all season but now I found a reason. I struck on a love that is true. I used to play the field, I used to be a roamer, but the season's turning 'round for me now. I finally bagged me a homer. That's right, I finally bagged me a Homer.
I began to realize how important it was to be an enthusiast in life. If you are interested in something, no matter what it is, go at it full speed. Embrace it with both arms, hug it, love it and above all become passionate about it. Lukewarm is no good.
I beheld the wretch - the miserable monster whom I had created.
I believe a man lost in the mazes of his own mind may imagine that he's anything.
I believe in angels, something good in everything I see. When I know the time is right for me I'll cross the stream.
I believe in love, and I know that you do too. And I believe in some kind of path that we can walk down, me and you. So keep your candles burning and make her journey bright and pure.
I believe like a child that suffering will be healed and made up for, that all the humiliating absurdity of human contradictions will vanish like a pitiful mirage, like the despicable fabrication of the impotent and infinitely small Euclidean mind of man, that in the world's finale, at the moment of eternal harmony, something so precious will come to pass that it will suffice for all hearts, for the comforting of all resentments, for the atonement of all the crimes of humanity, for all the blood that they've shed; that it will make it not only possible to forgive but to justify all that has happened.
I believe that for every one of these anxious, anguished people who have come here this evening there must be hundreds of others also touched by the implanted vision who never made it this far. It's simply because they never watched the television. Or perhaps they watched it but never made the psychic connection.
I believe that you are sincere and good at heart. If you do not attain happiness, always remember that you are on the right road, and try not to leave it. Above all, avoid falsehood, every kind of falsehood, especially falseness to yourself. Watch over your own deceitfulness and look into it every hour, every minute. Avoid being scornful, both to others and to yourself. What seems to you bad within you will grow purer from the very fact of your observing it in yourself.
I believe virtually everything I read and I think that is what makes me more of a selective human than someone who doesn't believe anything.
I bet he was referring to the four areas just outside town. There's one in each compass direction. But what do you suppose he meant by "the four who are there?"
I bet you never thought about it, but the Internet and dreams are similar. They're areas where the repressed conscious mind escapes.
I bet you never thought about it, but the Internet and dreams are similar. They're areas where the repressed conscious mind escapes.
I bet you're wondering how I knew about your plans to make me blue with some other guy you knew before. Between the two of us guys, you know I loved you more.
I bomb atomically. Socrates' philosophies and hypotheses can't define how I be dropping these mockeries. Lyrically perform armed robbery, flee with the lottery; possibly they spotted me. Battle-scarred shogun, explosion when my pen hits: tremendous. Ultraviolet shine blind forensics.
I broke a sacred oath and stabbed my king in the back. I killed my own cousin. When the gods judged my brother guilty, I helped him escape that justice. What atonement do I deserve?
I called Betsy again at her office and she said maybe we'd go to a movie together after she gets off work tomorrow. That's my day off. At first she hesitated but I called her again and then she agreed.
I called shelters to volunteer to serve food. It's Thanksgiving - you'd think they have needs. Nope. Every stupid soup kitchen in town turned me down because they have enough volunteers.
I came here to protect my son. I didn't come here to see you disguised by your church. I thought that was a shameful ceremony.
I came into this world in the rough and ready year of 1923. It was a barbarous time, it was a bleak time, and it was an uncivilized time. My memories stretch back almost a hundred years and if I close my eyes, I can smell the poverty that oozes from the dusky tenement streets of my boyhood. I can taste on my lips the bread and drippings that I was served for my tea. I can remember extreme hunger and my parents' undying love for me.
I can already hear your tune calling me across the room. When the world and his wife are on my back again, not enough pleasure too much pain. When the world is too much with me, please leave, just go away. Before I lose my mind completely, please leave, just go now.
I can already hear your tune calling me across the room. When the world and his wife are on my back again, not enough pleasure too much pain. When the world is too much with me, please leave, just go away. Before I lose my mind completely, please leave, just go now. In the sidestreet something's moving look around, look around. All around you walls are tumbling down. Stop staring at the ground.
I can always tell when you're lying. I also know that you cannot tell me why you do so. So there is no need to convince me, or wrap everything in lies, or try to take the blame on yourself like that. Because I have complete faith in you, Subaru-kun.
I can and do say that nothing human beings have ever before attempted in the entire nutty history of the race even approaches this in absolute fascination. When I first understood what this project is about I didn't sleep for two nights, and I don't mean in the usual way; I mean I literally did not sleep.
I can feel the heat closing in, feel them out there making their moves, setting up their devil doll stool pigeons, crooning over my spoon and dropper I throw away at Washington Square Station, vault a turnstile and two flights down the iron stairs, catch an uptown A train.
I can fly like an eagle and strike like a hawk.
I can handle this. "Handle" is my middle name. Actually, "handle" is the middle of my first name.
I can have a reporter out here in twenty minutes, with cameras, asking why you are persecuting an innocent, handicapped, Congressional Medal of Honor winner. Perhaps because he's a well-known conservative Republican and you are considering a bid on the Democratic ticket next year? Just to be clear, that was me threatening you.
I can hear its whispers coming from below! Down, deep down in the Earth. If you're ever down there, please! You must find my box and return it at once! And whatever you do - do NOT open the box!
I can hear the soft breathing of the girl that I love as she lies here beside me asleep with the night. And her hair, in a fine mist floats on my pillow, reflecting the glow of the winter moonlight.
I can hear those echoes in the wind at night calling me back in time, back to you, in a place far away where the water meets the sky.
I can just hear them now. "How could you let us down?" But they don't know what I felt, or see it from this way around. Feeling it overtake, all that I used to hate. Wonder what if we trade. I tried but it's way too late. All the slides I don't read, two sides of me can't agree. When I breathe in too deep. Going with what I always longed for.
I can lead with pride, I can make us strong. I'll be satisfied if I play along. But the voice inside sings a different song. What is wrong with me? See the light as it shines on the sea, it's blinding. But no one knows, how deep it goes. And it seems like it's calling out to me, so come find me, and let me know the line where the sky meets the sea? It calls me! And no one knows, how far it goes. If the wind in my sail on the sea stays behind me, one day I'll know, how far I'll go.
I can practically see your face and another revolutionary falls from grace. Hear the thunder in your brain. Not enough sunshine, too much rain.
I can remember everything. That's my curse, young man. It's the greatest curse that's ever been inflicted on the human race: memory.
I can see a new horizon underneath the blazing sky. I'll be where the eagle's flying higher and higher.
I can see the sun, but even if I cannot see the sun, I know that it exists. And to know that the sun is there - that is living.
I can see you. Your brown skin shining in the sun. You got that top pulled down and your sunglasses on, baby. And I can tell you my love for you will still be strong, after the boys of summer have gone.
I can show you the world - shining, shimmering, splendid. Tell me, princess, now when did you last let your heart decide? I can open your eyes, take you wonder by wonder. Over, sideways, and under on a magic carpet ride. A whole new world, a new fantastic point of view. No one to tell us no, or where to go, or say we're only dreaming. A whole new world, a dazzling place I never knew. But when I'm way up here, it's crystal clear that now I'm in a whole new world with you.
I can take you for a ride on my big green tractor, we can go slow or make it go faster, down through the woods and out to the pasture, long as I'm with you it really don't matter.
I can teach you how to bewitch the mind and ensnare the senses. I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, and even put a stopper in death. However it seems some of you have come to class to not PAY attention.
I can tell you my love for you will still be strong, after the boys of summer have gone.
I can tell you the license plate numbers of all six cars outside. I can tell you that our waitress is left-handed and the guy sitting up at the counter weighs two hundred and fifteen pounds and knows how to handle himself. I know the best place to look for a gun is the cab of the gray truck outside, and at this altitude, I can run flat out for a half mile before my hands start shaking. Now why would I know that? How can I know that and not know who I am?
I can touch what my heart used to dream of long before I knew someone warm like you.
I can't be alone here, I can't be the only one who feels like I'm going nowhere, just wishing somehow this dream will carry me. And I'll swear just one last time, they say the world is yours so I will make it mine. 'Cause nothing is stopping you, you could set the world on fire. Nothing is stopping you. And if I go out, I'll go out screaming.
I can't believe I'm crying already. Sometimes I think people don't understand how lonely it is to be a kid, like you don't matter. So I'm eight and I have these toys, these dolls. My favorite is this ugly girl doll who I call Clementine and I keep yelling at her, "You can't be ugly! Be pretty!" It's weird, like if I can transform her, I would magically change too.
I can't believe the things I see. The path that I have chosen now has led me to a wall, and with each passing day I feel a little more like something dear was lost.
I can't have a baby with you, because I already have a baby and his name is Fitzgerald Grant. And my baby is troubled, and angry, and exhausting, and brilliant, and he might actually change the world if I can keep my eyes on him every minute and make sure he eats his vegetables. And so I don't have the time or the energy or the extra space in my soul for another baby, James. I'm sorry, I don't. I can't. I don't have it in me to take care of someone else, because I'm busy taking care of the United States of America.
I can't have been there when brains were handed 'round or get past the cover of your books profound and some of your friends think it's really unsound that you're ever seen talking to me.
I can't make you love me if you don't. You can't make your heart feel something it won't. Here in the dark in these final hours I will lay down my heart and I'll feel the power.
I can't perform under pressure. That's why I never play anything for money, I choke. I could choke tonight. And she works in my office, can you imagine? She goes around telling everyone what happened? Maybe I should cancel, I have a very bad feeling about this.
I can't remember if I cried when I read about his widowed bride, but something touched me deep inside, the day the music died.
I can't see the rationality. The world's not my responsibility, and happiness isn't there for me, but maybe I'll inch closer to the source when I find true north (with or without a friend. Keep searching 'til the end.)
I can't sing a love song like the way it's meant to be. I guess I'm not that good anymore, but baby, that's just me.
I cannot define what I mean by 'intuition'. It is simply what makes mathematicians (or physicists, or engineers, or poets) tick. It gives them a 'feel' for the subject; with it they can see that a theorem is true, without giving a formal proof, and on the basis of their vision produce a proof that works.
I cannot fix on the hour, or the spot, or the look or the words, which laid the foundation. It is too long ago. I was in the middle before I knew that I had begun.
I cannot get a hold of anything. Even if I frantically extend my hand, when I think I've reached you, you go away. Even if I think I've made it, it'll start all over again. Because of that, nevertheless, I'm happy that you haven't disappeared.
I carry a log - yes. Is it funny to you? It is not to me. Behind all things are reasons. Reasons can even explain the absurd. Do we have the time to learn the reasons behind the human being's varied behavior? I think not. Some take the time. Are they called detectives? Watch - and see what life teaches.
I cast my vote, perchance, as I think right; but I am not vitally concerned that that right should prevail. I am willing to leave it to the majority. Its obligation, therefore, never exceeds that of expediency. Even voting for the right is doing nothing for it. It is only expressing to men feebly your desire that it should prevail. A wise man will not leave the right to the mercy of chance, nor wish it to prevail through the power of the majority.
I cheated on the intelligent test, I'm sorry! But you then made the past few weeks great. Me and you were doing stuff together, you've helped me out with things, we're closer than we've ever been. I love you, dad, and I think if something can bring us that close, it can't possibly be bad.
I close my eyes only for a moment, and the moment's gone. All my dreams pass before my eyes, a curiosity. Dust in the wind, all they are is dust in the wind.
I conducted a personal interview with her to discover why she was in such a foul mood. "What? You want to know why I'm in a bad mood even with this party going on? It's because it's a party. Everyone makes a huge mess, then they go home when they're all tired out without even thinking of helping to clean up. Or are you saying that you do?" I didn't want to help so I just poured her some sake from a nearby bottle and her mood instantly improved. It appears that she does not dislike drinking.
I confess that Fermat's Theorem as an isolated proposition has very little interest for me, because I could easily lay down a multitude of such propositions, which one could neither prove nor dispose of.
I consider myself to be a man of principle. But, what man does not? Even the cutthroat, I have noticed, considers his actions "moral" after a fashion. Perhaps another person, reading of my life, would name me a religious tyrant. He could call me arrogant. What is to make that man's opinion any less valid than my own? I guess it all comes down to one fact: In the end, I'm the one with the armies.
I could easily forgive his pride, if he had not mortified mine.
I could kill you. Snap my fingers, easiest thing in the world. From here on, I want you to know that the only reason you're alive is because I allowed it.
I could see why some of the boys took him for snobby. He had a quiet way about him, a walk and a talk that just wasn't normal around here. He strolled, like a man in a park without a care or a worry in the world, like he had on an invisible coat that would shield him from this place. Yeah, I think it would be fair to say... I liked Andy from the start.
I could tell from the set of his lips, he would say no more on this subject. I suppressed my curiosity, though it was far from idle. There were many things I needed to think through on this particular issue, things that were only beginning to occur to me. No doubt his quick mind had already comprehended every aspect that eluded me.
I could tell you I was fragile. I could tell you I was weak. I could write you out a letter. Tell you anything you need. I've seen minutes turn to hours. Hours turn to years. And I've seen truth turn to power. If you could see me the way I see you. If you could feel me the way I feel you. You'd be a believer. You'd be a believer. Minutes turn to hours. Hours turn to years. And I've seen truth turn to power.
I couldn't bear to think about it; and yet, somehow, I couldn't think about nothing else.
I couldn't believe it was her. It was like a dream. But there she was, just like I remembered her. That delicately beautiful face. And a body that could melt a cheese sandwich from across the room.
I couldn't forgive him or like him, but I saw that what he had done was, to him, entirely justified. It was all very careless and confused. They were careless people, Tom and Daisy - they smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back into their money or their vast carelessness, or whatever it was that kept them together, and let other people clean up the mess they had made.
I decided last night to drop out of school and go to Vietnam. I'm talking to my R.O.T.C. officer today. If I'm accepted, I won't have to finish my term paper!
I decided to run some experiments on the steel used to build the park's rides. I found that if you melted the steel down and combined it with chromium, stalagmite, and mercury phosphate, it created a kind of super helium. Shaggy and Scooby must have inhaled some helium gas from the Manticore's posterior relief hole. That's why their voices were so high. I figured if I could get the park to close, I could take all the steel, melt it down, and sell the super helium to the Australian zeppelin fleet. I'd have made a fortune and shown you up in the process, Velma.
I declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading! How much sooner one tires of any thing than of a book! When I have a house of my own, I shall be miserable if I have not an excellent library.
I denounce because though implicated and partially responsible, I have been hurt to the point of abysmal pain, hurt to the point of invisibility. And I defend because in spite of it all, I find that I love.
I did my best, it wasn't much. I couldn't feel, so I tried to touch. I've told the truth, I didn't come to fool you.
I did my best, it wasn't much. I couldn't feel, so I tried to touch. I've told the truth, I didn't come to fool you. And even though it all went wrong I'll stand before the Lord of Song with nothing on my tongue but hallelujah.
I did not bow down to you, I bowed down to all the suffering of humanity.
I did. I killed him. Threw him right over a rope bridge. I watched him fall. He was leading us nowhere and we would still be heading there if it weren't for me. No one loved him, no one wanted to follow him, he led us into two wars we couldn't win. I apologize to you all for not killing him years ago.
I didn't ask for this role, but I'll play it. Now go do your best. Be bold, and mighty forces will come to your aid. Goethe said that. It's not too late for you to become a person of substance, Russell. Please get my son home safely. You know, I'm glad we spoke.
I didn't get you to do anything. I gave you a name and you made your choice, and that choice was in you before your wife or any of this other stuff. It was always there, waiting. Didn't you use that man to be what you were waiting to become? This thing, your wife, those are just excuses. You think you were Superman, previous? And hey, own it. You think I'd have done less? That's the kind of thing that keeps you out of Heaven. I don't want to go.
I didn't know it was the beginning of the end. Justin, you were in love with my friend Kat. My only friend. So you see, that's where the trouble began. That smile. That damned smile.
I didn't know she had a pony. How was I to know she had a pony? Who figures an immigrant's going to have a pony? Do you know what the odds are on that? I mean, in all the pictures I saw of immigrants on boats coming into New York harbor, I never saw one of them sitting on a pony. Why would anybody come here if they had a pony? Who leaves a country packed with ponies to come to a non-pony country? It doesn't make sense. Am I wrong?
I didn't know the girl, but I knew her family. All their lives were shattered in a nightmare of brutality. They try to carry on, try to bear the agony; try to hold some faith in the goodness of humanity.
I didn't say I'd never slay another vampire. It's not like I have all these fluffy bunny feelings for them; I'm just not gonna get way extracurricular with it.
I didn't tell Mama anything. I was just about to come up and wake you so that I could tell you.
I didn't wanna spend my twenties as a professional defendant. Who knew the music industry doesn't have a sense of humor? We tried to sell the company to pay the 35 million they said we owed in royalties, but I guess to them that was a little like selling a stolen car to pay for the stolen gas.
I distrust a close-mouthed man. He generally picks the wrong time to talk and says the wrong things. Talking's something you can't do judiciously, unless you keep in practice. Now, sir, we'll talk if you like. I'll tell you right out, I'm a man who likes talking to a man who likes to talk.
I do not deny that what happened to us is a thing worth laughing at. But it is not worth telling, for not everyone is sufficiently intelligent to be able to see things from the right point of view.
I do not for one think that the problem was that the band was down. I think that the problem may have been that there was a Stonehenge monument on the stage that was in danger of being crushed by a dwarf. All right? That tended to understate the hugeness of the object.
I do not know if all cops are poets, but I know that all cops carry guns with triggers.
I do not know what evil is when it comes to art. I only know what is good art and what is bad art.
I do not know what I may appear to the world, but to myself I seem to have been only like a boy playing on the seashore, and diverting myself in now and then finding a smoother pebble or a prettier shell than ordinary, whilst the great ocean of truth lay all undiscovered before me.
I do not see it. It is interesting that people try to find meaningful patterns in things that are essentially random. I have noticed that the images they perceive sometimes suggest what they are thinking about at that particular moment. Besides, it is clearly a bunny rabbit.
I do not think there is any thrill that can go through the human heart like that felt by the inventor as he sees some creation of the brain unfolding to success. Such emotions make a man forget food, sleep, friends, love, everything.
I do not wish any reward but to know I have done the right thing.
I don't believe in an interventionist God, but I know, darling, that you do. But if I did I would kneel down and ask him not to intervene when it came to you.
I don't believe in an interventionist God, but I know, darling, that you do. But if I did I would kneel down and ask him not to intervene when it came to you. Not to touch a hair on your head, to leave you as you are, and if he felt he had to direct you, then direct you into my arms.
I don't believe in painted roses or bleeding hearts while bullets rape the night of the merciful. I'll see you again when the stars fall from the sky and the moon has turned red over One Tree Hill.
I don't believe you commissioned me to make an offer on the widow's claim to keep the regulators off you, Al. I think someone found something out there you want.
I don't care what consequence it brings. I have been a fool for lesser things.
I don't care what he is. If it wasn't for him, your impartial chief of police would still have the wrong man behind bars. I want that officer given a free hand. Otherwise, I will pack up my husband's engineers and leave you to yourselves.
I don't care who you are, where you're from, what you did, as long as you love me. Every little thing that you have said and done feels like it's deep within me. Doesn't really matter if you're on the run, it seems like we're meant to be.
I don't do lost causes or tilt at windmills. I don't perform miracles or do the impossible. I make cold calculations about difficult situations, and I do not take on anything I know I won't win. And I will win this - I just need you to trust me. I promise you, I will not let you die in here.
I don't drink, I don't smoke, I don't do drugs. I play video games, which I think is a far superior addiction to any of those other ones.
I don't even like kids. They're always sticky like they've got jam on their hands. Even if there's no jam in the house, somehow, they've always got jam on their hands! I'm not the right guy to deal with that. I have no patience for jam hands!
I don't even want to talk about it anymore. What were you thinking? What was going on in your mind? Artistic integrity? Where, where did you come up with that? You're not artistic and you have no integrity. You know you really need some help. A regular psychiatrist couldn't even help you. You need to go to like Vienna or something. You know what I mean? You need to get involved at the University level. Like where Freud studied and have all those people looking at you and checking up on you. That's the kind of help you need.
I don't ever want to feel like I did that day. Take me to the place I love, take me all the way.
I don't ever want to feel like I did that day. Take me to the place I love, take me all the way.
I don't get it. I made my house a mess, which was making it clean, which made Squidward clean my yard, but that really means he's messing it up. But the opposite of clean is filth, which means filth is clean, that means Squidward is really making my yard a wreck, but I normally wreck my own yard which means, Squidward is being the opposite of Squidward which means he's SpongeBob!
I don't hate anybody. The Winklevii aren't suing me for intellectual property theft. They're suing me because for the first time in their lives things didn't go exactly the way they were supposed to for them.
I don't have to tell you things are bad. Everybody knows things are bad. It's a depression. Everybody's out of work or scared of losing their job. The dollar buys a nickel's worth, banks are going bust, shopkeepers keep a gun under the counter. Punks are running wild in the street and there's nobody anywhere who seems to know what to do and there's no end to it. We know the air is unfit to breathe and our food is unfit to eat, and we sit watching our TVs while some local newscaster tells us that today we had fifteen homicides and sixty-three violent crimes, as if that's the way it's supposed to be.
I don't hold with the extremists who feel there should be open season for murder all year round. No, personally, I would prefer to have... "Cut a Throat Week" or "Strangulation Day."
I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.
I don't know if I will have the time to write any more letters because I might be too busy trying to participate. So if this does end up being the last letter, I just want you to know that I was in a bad place before I started high school, and you helped me. Even if you didn't know what I was talking about or know someone who's gone through it, you made me not feel alone.
I don't know what it is about you, but I feel like myself when I'm with you, but the way I always wanted to feel, because I'm in love with you Megan, and I think I have been for a while.
I don't know what it is that makes me love you so. I only know I never want to let you go 'cause you started something. Can't you see that ever since we met you've had a hold on me?
I don't know what the world may need but a V-8 engine's a good start for me. I think I'll drive and find a place to be surly. I don't know what the world may want but some words of wisdom could comfort us. Think I'll leave that up to someone wiser.
I don't know what you're talking about. I don't agree with what you're saying. And you're trying to wind me up. But I'm very, very angry, and I want this conversation to stop right away.
I don't know what's weirder - that you're fighting a stuffed animal or that you seem to be losing.
I don't know where you're going and I don't know why but listen to your heart before you tell him goodbye. Sometimes you wonder if this fight is worthwhile. The precious moments are all lost in the tide.
I don't know whether it's necessary or not; but this I do know - that people are becoming stronger than life, wiser than life; that's evident.
I don't know who you are. I don't know what you want. If you are looking for ransom, I can tell you I don't have money. But what I do have are a very particular set of skills; skills I have acquired over a very long career. Skills that make me a nightmare for people like you. If you let my daughter go now, that'll be the end of it. I will not look for you. I will not pursue you. But if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you.
I don't know why he saved my life. Maybe in those last moments he loved life more than he ever had before. Not just his life, anybody's life, my life. All he'd wanted were the same answers the rest of us want. Where did I come from? Where am I going? How long have I got?
I don't know why I did the things I did. I don't know why I said the things I said.
I don't know why I go walking at night, but now I'm tired and I don't want to walk anymore. I hope it doesn't take the rest of my life until I find what it is that I've been looking for.
I don't know why I'm here. I mean, I do, I'm nervous, I guess. Anxious. I don't sleep that well. And my hands. They're fine now, it's like when you have a problem with your car and you go to a mechanic and it's not doing it anymore. Not that you're a mechanic. I guess a lot of people must come here worried about the bomb. Is that true? It's a common nightmare, people say. I read it in a magazine. My mother always told me that it wasn't polite to talk about yourself. She passed away recently. I guess I already said that.
I don't know why I'm here. I mean, I do. I'm nervous, I guess. Anxious. I don't sleep that well. And my hands... they're fine now. It's like when you have a problem with your car and you go to a mechanic and it's not doing it anymore. Not that you're a mechanic. I guess a lot of people must come here worried about the bomb. Is that true? It's a common nightmare, people say. I read it in a magazine. My mother always told me that it wasn't polite to talk about yourself. She passed away recently. I guess I already said that.
I don't know. It's like no one cares that I'm gone. They should love me. Maybe they do, but I don't even know what it is. You spend your whole life thinking you're not getting it, people aren't giving it to you. Then you realize they're trying. And you don't even know what it is. I had a dream I was on a shelf in the refrigerator. Someone closes the door and the light goes off. And I know everybody's out there eating. And then they open the door and you see them smiling and they're happy to see you. But maybe they don't look right at you and maybe they don't pick you. Then the door closes again. The light goes off.
I don't know. Well, things are just never the way they seem, Arletta, you know that. A man's just gotta go his own way.
I don't like sand. It's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere. Not like here. Here everything is soft and smooth.
I don't like work - no man does - but I like what is in the work - the chance to find yourself. Your own reality - for yourself not for others - what no other man can ever know. They can only see the mere show, and never can tell what it really means.
I don't like you, but I love you. Seems that I'm always thinking of you. Oh, you treat me badly, I love you madly, you really got a hold on me. I don't want you, but I need you. Don't want to kiss you, but I need to. Oh, you do me wrong now, my love is strong now, you really got a hold on me.
I don't need herbal enhancers to feel good about myself. And if you're so concerned about that, why don't you try eating some yourself?
I don't think I'd have been in such a hurry to reach adulthood if I'd known the whole thing was going to be ad-libbed.
I don't think I've ever been to an appointment in my life where I wanted the other guy to show up.
I don't think it really helped me, in my love life, my nascent love life. I think that having won something like that could be regarded as being a significant liability.
I don't think stand-up should really work on the page, so the very existence of this book is an indication of my ultimate failure as a comedian. The text of a stand-up set should be so dependent on performance and tone that it can't really work on the page, otherwise it's just funny writing.
I don't think we could have asked for a more beautiful evening, do you? Okay, watch the skies please... We now show uncorrelated targets approaching from the north-northwest.
I don't think we'd have any alternatives. There isn't a single aspect of ship operations that isn't under his control. If he were proven to be malfunctioning I wouldn't see how we'd have any choice but disconnection.
I don't understand you people! I mean all these picky little points you keep bringing up. They don't mean nothing! You saw this kid just like I did. You're not gonna tell me you believe that phony story about losing the knife, and that business about being at the movies. Look, you know how these people lie! It's born in them! I mean, what the heck? I don't have to tell you! They don't know what the truth is!
I don't understand? Are you kidding? Me? Of course I understand. I mean, do you call this a war? This funny little thing? This is not a war! I fought in a bigger war than you will ever know. I did worse things than you could ever imagine. And when I close my eyes I hear more screams than anyone could ever be able to count! And do you know what you do with all that pain? Shall I tell you where you put it? You hold it tight till it burns your hand, and you say this. No one else will ever have to live like this. No one else will have to feel this pain. Not on my watch!
I don't want the money, I want something more. And I've never said that out loud but I can't pretend that's not true anymore.
I don't want tickets, I need you to find me a painting, a classic, been nicked out of Lenny's house. And since you got more feet on the street than coppers on the beat, I'd like you to assist. I'll leave you a little livener. There's a large twenty to get some tongues wagging.
I don't want to go in there. He's a dangerous bastard. Taken too many disco biscuits in the heat of Russian disputations. He's got as many of these nuts as he has those nuts.
I don't want to live someone else's idea of how to live.
I don't want to live someone else's idea of how to live. Don't ask me to do that. I don't want to find out one day that I'm at the end of someone else's life.
I don't want to sell anything, buy anything, or process anything as a career. I don't want to sell anything bought or processed, or buy anything sold or processed, or process anything sold, bought, or processed, or repair anything sold, bought, or processed. You know, as a career, I don't want to do that.
I don't want to talk about it! Every time I think about something nice, you remind me of bad things. I only want to talk about the nice things.
I don't want to talk about the things we've gone through. Though it's hurting me, now it's history. I've played all my cards and that's what you've done too. Nothing more to say, no more ace to play.
I don't want to talk if it makes you feel sad, and I understand you've come to shake my hand. I apologize if it makes you feel bad seeing me so tense.
I don't want to talk to you no more, you empty-headed animal food trough wiper! I fart in your general direction! Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries!
I don't want you to think of this as just a film - some process of converting electrons and magnetic impulses into shapes and figures and sounds. No. Listen to me. We're here to make a dent in the universe. Otherwise, why even be here? We're creating a completely new consciousness, like an artist or poet. That's how you have to think of this. We're rewriting the history of human thought with what we're doing.
I don't worry. This is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you it's like I'm kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it?
I dream of rain, I dream of gardens in the desert sand. I wake in vain. I dream of love as time runs through my hand.
I dream of the things I'll do with a subway token and a dollar tucked inside my shoe. There'll be a load of compromisin' on the road to my horizon.
I dreamed a dream in time gone by, when hope was high and life worth living. I dreamed that love would never die. I dreamed that God would be forgiving. Then I was young and unafraid when dreams were made and used and wasted. There was no ransom to be paid, no song unsung, no wine untasted.
I drew the blankets over my head and tried to think of Christmas. But the grey face still followed me. It murmured, and I understood that it desired to confess something.
I drew the blankets over my head and tried to think of Christmas. But the grey face still followed me. It murmured, and I understood that it desired to confess something. I felt my soul receding into some pleasant and vicious region; and there again I found it waiting for me.
I drive by this place a lot and I see you here. I see a lot of people around you.
I enjoy talking to you. Your mind appeals to me. It resembles my own mind except that you happen to be insane.
I etched your name in the clouds but it was lost when the thunder cried. I etched your name in the surf but it was stolen by the rising tide. I etched your name in my heart and there it will forever reside.
I feel drunk but I'm sober, I'm young and I'm underpaid. I'm tired but I'm working. I care but I'm restless, I'm here but I'm really gone. I'm wrong and I'm sorry, baby.
I feel his presence. But he can also feel mine. He's come for me. He can feel it when I'm near. That's why I have to go. As long as I stay, I'm endangering the group and our mission. I have to face him.
I feel it deep within, it's just beneath the skin. I must confess that I feel like a monster. I hate what I've become, the nightmare's just begun. I must confess that I feel like a monster. I, I feel like a monster. I, I feel like a monster.
I feel it in my fingers, I feel it in my toes. Love is all around me and so the feeling grows. It's written on the wind, it's everywhere I go. So if you really love me, come on and let it show.
I feel like a mouth facilitating the language constructed by the mind of depression; a vocal confirmation that I have diluted my ambition to accommodate my aggression.
I feel no grief for being called something which I am not; in fact, it's enthralling, somehow, like a good back rub.
I feel sorry for you. What it must feel like to want to pull the switch! Ever since you walked into this room, you've been acting like a self-appointed public avenger. You want to see this boy die because you personally want it, not because of the facts! You're a sadist!
I feel that way all the time. Like I'm from some other planet, you know? Like my soul was stuffed into the wrong body and then dropped off here by mistake.
I feel the Aryan in my blood, it's scarier than a Blood. Been looking for holy water, now I'm praying for a flood. It feel like time passing me by slower than a slug, while this feeling inside of my body seep in like a drug. Will you hug me, rub me on the back like a child?
I felt a great disturbance in the Force, as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced. I fear something terrible has happened.
I felt despair. The word's overused and banalified now, despair, but it's a serious word, and I'm using it seriously. For me it denotes a simple admixture - a weird yearning for death combined with a crushing sense of my own smallness and futility that presents as a fear of death.
I felt dull and somnolent, for daytime sleep is like the sin of the flesh: the more you have the more you want, and yet you feel unhappy, sated and unsated at the same time.
I felt good and all washed clean of sin for the first time I had ever felt so in my life, and I knowed I could pray now. But I didn't do it straight off, but laid the paper down and set there thinking - thinking how good it was all this happened so, and how near I come to being lost and going to hell.
I felt that even when they were polite they hardly saw me, that they would have begged the pardon of Jack the Bear, never glancing his way if the bear happened to be walking along minding his business. It was confusing. I did not know if it was desirable or undesirable.
I felt the urge to reassure him that I was like everybody else, just like everybody else. But really there wasn't much point, and I gave up the idea out of laziness.
I figured I could get a job at a filling station somewhere, putting gas and oil in people's cars. I didn't care what kind of job it was, though. Just so people didn't know me and I didn't know anybody.
I finally figured it out. It's like when they realized it was gonna be too expensive to actually build cyborgs and robots. I mean, the costs of that were impossible. They decided to just let humans turn themselves into robots. That's what's going on right now. I mean, why not? There're billions of us just laying around, not really doing anything. We don't cost anything. We're even pretty good at self-maintenance and reproducing constantly. And as it turns out, we're already biologically programmed for our little cyborg upgrades.
I find chemistry to be magical. I find it an adventure, an exploration into the physical building blocks of our universe.
I find I'm so excited, I can barely sit still or hold a thought in my head. I think it's the excitement only a free man can feel, a free man at the start of a long journey whose conclusion is uncertain. I hope I can make it across the border. I hope to see my friend and shake his hand. I hope the Pacific is as blue as it has been in my dreams. I hope.
I find it wholesome to be alone the greater part of the time. To be in company, even with the best, is soon wearisome and dissipating. I love to be alone. I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude.
I find it's best when dealing with any unfamiliar bully to strike early with sarcasm. Yeah, it makes them wonder if I have some butt-kicking prowess that they're unable to detect.
I find myself so furious at all these people that I am in contact with just for controlling me or whatever but you know they are not even aware they are doing it.
I find to my amazement that the more I love mankind as a whole, the less I love man in particular.
I found out the way your mind works and the kind of man you are. I know your plans and expectations - you've burbled every bit of strategy you've got. I know exactly what you will do and exactly what you won't and I've told you exactly nothing. To these aged eyes, boy, that's what winning looks like!
I gave a letter to the postman, he put it in his sack. Bright and early next morning he brought my letter back. She wrote upon it, "return to sender, address unknown. No such number, no such zone."
I get to thinking of all the things you said. You gave a promise to me, and I gave mine to you. I need someone beside me in everything I do.
I get up when I want, except on Wednesdays when I get rudely awakened by the dustmen. I put my trousers on, have a cup of tea, and I think about leaving me house. I feed the pigeons, I sometimes feed the sparrows, too. It gives me a sense of enormous well-being. And then I'm happy for the rest of the day, safe in the knowledge there will always be a bit of my heart devoted to it.
I give it to you not that you may remember time, but that you might forget it now and then for a moment and not spend all your breath trying to conquer it. Because no battle is ever won he said. They are not even fought. The field only reveals to man his own folly and despair, and victory is an illusion of philosophers and fools.
I go down to Speaker's Corner. I'm thunderstruck. They got free speech, tourists, police in trucks. Two men say they're Jesus, one of them must be wrong. There's a protest singer singing a protest song.
I got in touch with a friend of mine who works at a research reactor, and asked him what he thought would happen to someone who tried to swim in their radiation containment pool. "In our reactor?" He thought about it for a moment. "You'd die pretty quickly, before reaching the water, from gunshot wounds."
I got my hands on some canned fruit, I traded those for batteries, the batteries for DVDs, and I swapped those with the janitor for the school's entire supply of toilet paper. Once the "specially seasoned" meatloaf works its magic, I can name my price.
I got out my map and chose a place I wanted to go to (packed up my stuff, set out for adventure). I know that your lucky color is that cool shade of blue (won't mind painting myself blue for you). I guess I'm so... easy to understand. I just do whatever comes to me naturally. Alright. I do understand the feelings of a Persian Cat (but the Sphinx looked so cute, I had to shave it). He reminds me of parsley when he's standing there all alone (makes me wanna be his speci-ality). I guess I'm just a self-centered girl. But there are nights that I have trouble going to sleep.
I got Reese's Puffs in my bowl, now my day's on cruise control. I got Reese's Puffs in my bowl and just like that I'm on a roll. Reese's Puffs, Reese's Puffs, peanut butter chocolate flavor! Reese's Puffs, Reese's Puffs, in the AM it's the flavor I savor. Peanut butter and chocolate too, you know how I do, that's what I wake up to. My Reese's Puffs inspired this rhyme, that peanut butter chocolate combination's on time. Reese's Puffs, Reese's Puffs!
I got some good news and some bad news. The bad news is that your father has bought a condo in Flip City and the good news is that he is about to win the Civil War.
I got that sunshine in my pocket, got that good soul in my feet. I feel that hot blood in my body when it drops. I can't take my eyes up off it, moving so phenomenally. Room on lock the way we rock it, so don't stop.
I got the feeling Poseidon really didn't know what to think of me. He didn't know whether he was happy to have me as a son or not. In a strange way, I was glad that Poseidon was so distant. If he'd tried to apologize, or told me he loved me, or even smiled, it would've felt fake.
I got you, baby I got you. Until you're used to my face, and my mystery fades, I got you. So baby love me, before they all love me, until you won't love me, because they'll all love me. I'll be different, I think I'll be different... I hope I'm not different, and I hope you'll still listen, but until then, baby I got you.
I gotta see a man who looks like he might know something, but it can't be done on the phone, if you know what I mean.
I gotta tell you at this point the length of this conversation is way out of proportion to my interest in it.
I guess this is just another lost cause, Mr. Paine. All you people don't know about lost causes. Mr. Paine does. He said once they were the only causes worth fighting for and he fought for them once. For the only reason any man ever fights for them. Because of just one plain simple rule. Love thy neighbor.
I guess this time you're really leaving. I heard your suitcase say goodbye. Well, as my broken heart lies bleeding you say true love is suicide. You say you've cried a thousand rivers and now you're swimming for the shore. You left me drowning in my tears and you won't save me anymore.
I guess you'd prefer we listen to that punk rock music I've been reading about. You know those Sex Pistols? They spit on their audience! Yep, that's what I wanna do. Spend my hard earned money to be spit on. Now that's entertainment... Elvis didn't expectorate on his fans.
I had a dream last night, and another oracle spoke to me. Its voice was heavenly... "If you keep going around and around the red palm tree in the distant desert town Dry Dry Outpost something good will happen." So said the voice in my dream. It doesn't seem to make any sense at all to me. In fact, thinking about it makes me so uneasy that I can't sleep at night. If you find out what it means, please tell me.
I had a dream. There was our world, and the world was dark because there weren't any robins, and the robins represented love. And for the longest time, there was this darkness. Then all of a sudden, thousands of robins were set free and they flew down and brought this blinding light of love. I guess it means that there is trouble until the robins come.
I had a friend who was a heavy drinker. If somebody asked him if he'd been drunk the night before, he would always answer off-handedly, "Oh, I imagine." I've always liked that answer. It acknowledges life as a dream.
I had a job, I had a girl. I had something going, mister, in this world. I got laid off down at the lumber yard, our love went bad, times got hard. Now I work down at the carwash, where all it ever does is rain. Don't you feel like you're a rider on a downbound train.
I had a mother, I had a father, things - things that made sense. Do you remember things that made sense? Things you could count on? Before we all got so lost? What are we gonna do, Charlie? What am I gonna do?
I had an experience. I can't prove it, I can't even explain it, but everything that I know as a human being, everything that I am tells me that it was real. I was given something wonderful, something that changed me forever. A vision of the universe that tells us undeniably how tiny and insignificant, and how rare and precious we all are. A vision that tells us that we belong to something that is greater than ourselves, that we are not - that none of us are alone. I wish I could share that. I wish that everyone, if even for one moment, could feel that awe and humility and hope. But that continues to be my wish.
I had been right, I was still right, I was always right. I had lived my life one way and I could just as well have lived it another. I had done this and I hadn't done that. I hadn't done this thing but I had done another.
I had considered how the things that never happen are often as much realities to us, in their effects, as those that are accomplished.
I had felt it growing, this feeling that had been hiding beneath the surface for some time now. I'd seen him, this person who never intended to be seen, and my faulty, silly, useless heart kept whispering his name. I clutched my chest, feeling my heart racing.
I had neither kith nor kin in England, and was therefore as free as air - or as free as an income of eleven shillings and sixpence a day will permit a man to be. Under such circumstances I naturally gravitated to London, that great cesspool into which all the loungers and idlers of the Empire are irresistibly drained.
I had the impression of being abandoned by everyone when the whole city rose and left for the summer. I was afraid to be left alone, and for three days I roamed dejectedly through the city, unable to understand what was happening to me. Whether I went to Nevsky Avenue, to the park, or wandered along the embankments, I never came across the people I was accustomed to meet in certain spots at certain hours all year round. They, of course, didn't know me; but I knew them all right.
I had the impression of being abandoned by everyone when the whole city rose and left for the summer. Whether I went to Nevsky Avenue, to the park, or wandered along the embankments, I never came across the people I was accustomed to meet in certain spots at certain hours all year round. They, of course, didn't know me; but I knew them all right.
I had the same room which Finny and I had shared during the summer, but across the hall, in the large suite where Leper Lepellier had dreamed his way through July and August amid sunshine and dust motes and windows through which the ivy had reached tentatively into the room, here Brinker Hadley had established his headquarters.
I hadn't realized that music could unlock things in you, could transport you to somewhere even the composer hadn't predicted. It left an imprint in the air around you, as if you carried its remnants with you when you went.
I hadn't seen anything so beautiful in my life. She was like an angel. I just sat next to her on that bus and had a conversation all the way to school. Next to Mamma no one ever talked to me or asked me questions. From that day on we were always together. Jenny, she helped me learn how to read and I showed her how to swing. Sometimes we'd just sit out and wait for the stars. For some reason Jenny never wanted to go home she was my most special friend, my only friend.
I hate all the rules and organization and teams and ranks in sports. Somebody's always yelling at you, telling you where to be, what to do, and when to do it. I figure when I want THAT, I'll join the army and at least get paid.
I hate nice girls. If they so much as say hello, it stays on my mind. If they return my texts, my heart races. The day one calls me, I know I'll look at my call history and grin. But I know that's just them being nice. People who are nice to me are also nice to everyone else.
I hate nice girls. If they so much as say hello, it stays on my mind. If they return my texts, my heart races. The day one calls me, I know I'll look at my call history and grin. But I know that's just them being nice. People who are nice to me are also nice to everyone else. I almost end up forgetting that. If the truth is cruel, then lies must be kind. That's why kindness is a lie. I gave up on always expecting it, always mistaking it, and even hoping for it. Someone who's worked hard at being alone doesn't fall for the same trick twice. I'm a veteran at this. I'm the best there is when it comes to losing. That's why I'll always... hate nice girls.
I hate this place, this zoo, this prison, this reality, whatever you want to call it. I can't stand it any longer. It's the smell, if there is such a thing. I feel saturated by it. I can taste your stink, and every time I do, I fear that I've somehow been infected by it.
I hate this town. It's too filled with memories I'd rather forget. I go to school every day, hang out with my friends, and then go home. There's no place I'd rather not go ever again. I wonder if anything will ever change? Will that day ever come?
I hate this. I hate being here. I hate that you have to be here. I hate that there's evil and that I was chosen to fight it. I wish a whole lot of the time that I hadn't been. I know a lot of you wish I hadn't been, either. This isn't about wishes. This is about choices. I believe we can beat this evil. Not when it comes. Not when its army is ready. Now. Tomorrow morning I'm opening the seal. I'm going down into the Hellmouth and I am finishing this once and for all.
I hate writing. I so intensely hate writing - I cannot tell you how much. The moment I am at the end of one project I have the idea that I didn't really succeed in telling what I wanted to tell, that I need a new project - it's an absolute nightmare. But my whole economy of writing is in fact based on an obsessional ritual to avoid the actual act of writing.
I hated that having done the right thing was somehow considered wrong. And I hated that there didn't seem to be any other way to survive school.
I hated this movie. Hated hated hated hated hated this movie. Hated it. Hated every simpering stupid vacant audience-insulting moment of it. Hated the sensibility that thought anyone would like it. Hated the implied insult to the audience by its belief that anyone would be entertained by it.
I have a dream that one day the state of Alabama, whose governor's lips are presently dripping with the words of interposition and nullification, will be transformed into a situation where little black boys and black girls will be able to join hands with little white boys and white girls and walk together as sisters and brothers.
I have a dream, a fantasy, to help me through reality. And my destination makes it worth the while, pushing through the darkness still another mile.
I have a dream, a song to sing, to help me cope with anything. If you see the wonder of a fairy tale you can take the future even if you fail.
I have a small favor to ask regarding our impending wedding. Since all of my close friends will be out of town and we have had a previous conversation and our eyes have met on a number of occasions I was wondering if you'd consent to be my maid of honor.
I have already computed the charge of nursing a beggar's child (in which list I reckon all cottagers, laborers, and four-fifths of the farmers) to be about two shillings per annum, rags included; and I believe no gentleman would repine to give ten shillings for the carcass of a good fat child, which, as I have said, will make four dishes of excellent nutritive meat, when he hath only some particular friend or his own family to dine with him. Thus the squire will learn to be a good landlord, and grow popular among his tenants; the mother will have eight shillings net profit, and be fit for work till she produces another child.
I have already told you, I have no further stocks of Veritaserum. Unless you wish to poison Potter - and I can assure you I would have the greatest sympathy if you did - I cannot help you. The only trouble is that most venoms act too swiftly to give the victim much in the way of time for truth telling.
I have been taking care of it! I already got Big Red to cut me the lumber in exchange for a pair of fur-lined boots. I got my friend Pete to make the boots, but only because I promised him a new set of teeth. And as you probably know, teeth don't come cheap! Now, that's where you come in.
I have been told of a certain sea snake which has a very unusual method of attracting its prey. It will lie at the bottom of the ocean as if wounded. Then its enemies will approach, and yet it will lie quite still. And then its enemies will take little bites of it, and yet it remains still.
I have climbed the highest mountains, I have run through the fields. I have run, I have crawled, I have scaled these city walls, but I still haven't found what I'm looking for.
I have dreamt in my life, dreams that have stayed with me ever after, and changed my ideas; they have gone through and through me, like wine through water, and altered the color of my mind. And this is one: I'm going to tell it - but take care not to smile at any part of it.
I have felt as bleak as I've felt since puberty, and have filled almost three Mead notebooks trying to figure out whether it was Them or Just Me.
I have half a mind to make you hurt, to make you bleed, to make you suffer. I swear, if you've touched her - oh, heaven, forgive what I would do to you, you monster. And think about your children? They'll never believe what you've done.
I have here, Harold, the forms sent out by the National Computer Dating Service. It seems to me that as you do not get along with the daughters of my friends, this is the best way for you to find a prospective wife. Please, Harold, we have a lot to do and I have to be at the hairdresser's at three. The Computer Dating Service offers you at least three dates on the initial investment. They screen out the fat and ugly, so it is obviously a firm of high standards.
I have lived my life to the best of my ability. But I have not been able to escape fate, anger, or pain. Bring me the answers and the road that leads to the truth. Reveal to me once and for all, how all of this will end.
I have lived to see strange days. Long we have tended our beasts and our fields, built our houses, wrought our tools, or ridden away to help in the wars of Minas Tirith. And that we called the life of Men, the way of the world. We cared little for what lay beyond the borders of our land. Songs we have that tell of these things, but we are forgetting them, teaching them only to children, as a careless custom. And now the songs have come down among us out of strange places, and walk visible under the Sun.
I have long loved you, and loved you even before I knew that I did.
I have moments like that a lot, when my brain falls asleep or something, and the next thing I know I've missed something, as if a puzzle piece fell out of the universe and left me staring at the blank place behind it.
I have my books and my poetry to protect me; I am shielded in my armor. Hiding in my room, safe within my womb; I touch no one and no one touches me. I am a rock, I am an island. And a rock feels no pain; and an island never cries.
I have never done a day's work in my life - honest or dishonest, but neither have you. To make 100 dollars into 110 dollars, this is work. To make 100 million into 110 million, this is inevitable.
I have never met anyone so passionate and dedicated to a belief as you. It's so intense that sometimes it's blinding.
I have no idea how I untangled the complicated process of words and thought, but it happened quickly and naturally. By the time I was two, all my memories had words, and all my words had meanings.
I have no idea how people function without near-constant internal chaos. I'd lose my mind.
I have no idea to this day what those two Italian ladies were singing about. Truth is, I don't want to know. Some things are best left unsaid. I'd like to think they were singing about something so beautiful, it can't be expressed in words, and makes your heart ache because of it.
I have not broken your heart - you have broken it; and in breaking it, you have broken mine.
I have not much hope that Gollum can be cured before he dies, but there is a chance of it. And he is bound up with the fate of the Ring. My heart tells me that he has some part to play yet, for good or ill, before the end; and when that comes, the pity of Bilbo may rule the fate of many - yours not least.
I have noticed even people who claim everything is predestined, and that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road.
I have often walked down this street before, but the pavement always stayed beneath my feet before. All at once am I several stories high knowing I'm on the street where you live.
I have often wished to be human. I study people carefully in order to more closely approximate human behavior.
I have proved in my own case that it is of no small benefit on finding oneself in bed in the dark to go over again in the imagination the main outlines of the forms previously studied, or of other noteworthy things conceived by ingenious speculation; and this exercise is entirely to be commended, and it is useful in fixing things in the memory.
I have quit three jobs and been fired from all the rest. Getting fired, despite sometimes coming as a surprise and leaving you scrambling to recover, is often a godsend: someone else makes the decision for you, and it's impossible to sit in the wrong job for the rest of your life.
I have something here for you. Your father wanted you to have this when you were old enough, but your uncle wouldn't allow it. He feared you might follow old Obi-Wan on some damn fool idealistic crusade like your father did.
I have spent my whole life scared, frightened of things that could happen, might happen, might not happen. 50 years I spent like that, finding myself awake at three in the morning. But you know what? Ever since my diagnosis, I sleep just fine. What I came to realize is that fear, that's the worst of it. That's the real enemy. So get up, get out in the real world, and you kick that bastard as hard as you can right in the teeth.
I have stones to sell, fat to chew, and many different men to see about many different ducks, so if I am not rushing you...
I have these thoughts so often, I ought to replace that slot with what I once bought; 'cause somebody stole my car radio and now I just sit in silence.
I have to disagree. I make good life choices. Mostly because they're forced on me, but I make them. And I find myself in unpleasant situations all the time. You know why? Because even if you have a choice it can and will be taken away from you.
I have waited lifetimes to find you. Now that you're here I can remind you of the things I've been dreaming of times two.
I have waited lifetimes to find you. Now that you're here I can remind you of the things I've been dreaming of times two.
I haven't won my wings yet. That's why I'm called an Angel Second Class. I have to earn them. And you'll help me, will you?
I hear you're buying a synthesizer and an arpeggiator and are throwing your computer out the window because you want to make something real. You want to make a Yaz record. I hear that you and your band have sold your guitars and bought turntables. I hear that you and your band have sold your turntables and bought guitars. I hear everybody that you know is more relevant than everybody that I know.
I heard some kids telling me, how they've lost faith in the way. They've been talking world peace, and the wars in the streets. The lines on their faces so deep. A revolution or reach out and touch the day. We're overdue child.
I hope I cut myself shaving tomorrow. I hope it bleeds all day long. Our friends say it's darkest before the sun rises; we're pretty sure they're all wrong.
I hope it is true that a man can die and yet not only live in others but give them life, and not only life but that great consciousness of life.
I hope some day you'll join us and the world will be as one. Imagine no possessions, I wonder if you can. No need for greed or hunger, a brotherhood of man. Imagine all the people sharing all the world.
I hope that our few remaining friends give up on trying to save us. I hope we come up with a fail-safe plot to piss off the dumb few that forgave us. I hope the fences we mended fall down beneath their own weight, and I hope we hang on past the last exit. I hope it's already too late.
I hope that whoever you are, you escape this place. I hope that the world turns and that things get better. But what I hope most of all is that you understand what I mean when I tell you that even though I do not know you, and even though I may never meet you, laugh with you, cry with you, or kiss you, I love you.
I hope to hell when I do die somebody has sense enough to just dump me in the river or something.
I hope to someday have the faith to believe in God as much as he believes in me.
I hope you never lose your sense of wonder. You get your fill to eat but always keep that hunger. May you never take one single breath for granted, God forbid love ever leave you empty handed.
I hope you realize I'm holding you personally responsible for any and all damages done to these premises! Except of course for the spoon that got caught in the garbage disposal. I don't think I can blame him for that.
I hope you still feel small when you stand beside the ocean. Whenever one door closes I hope one more opens.
I hope you still feel small when you stand beside the ocean. Whenever one door closes I hope one more opens. Promise me that you'll give faith a fighting chance when you get the choice to sit it out or dance.
I hope you will love your baby. I hope it will be a boy. That husband of yours, I hope, will always treat you well, because otherwise my specter shall come out of him, like black smoke, like a demented giant, and pull him apart nerve by nerve.
I hope you're pleased with yourselves. We could all have been killed - or worse, expelled. Now if you don't mind, I'm going to bed.
I just can't sit any other way than this. If I sit the way other people do, my reasoning ability drops by 40%.
I just don't know why they're shooting at us. All we want to do is bring them democracy and white bread. Transplant the American dream. Freedom. Achievement. Hyperacidity. Affluence. Flatulence. Technology. Tension. The inalienable right to an early coronary sitting at your desk while plotting to stab your boss in the back.
I just don't see what purpose is it going to serve your going? I mean, you think dead people care who's at the funeral? They don't even know they're having a funeral. It's not like she's hanging out in the back going, "I can't believe Jerry didn't show up."
I just feel like there are so many things that I could be doing and probably want to be doing that I'm just not.
I just finished this fascinating book. By the year 2030, there will be computers that can carry out the same amount of functions as an actual human brain. So theoretically, you could download your thoughts and memories into this computer and live forever as a machine!
I just have a little question here. You could be a janitor anywhere. Why did you work at the most prestigious technical college in the whole world? And why did you sneak around at night and finish other people's formulas that only one or two people in the world could do and then lie about it? 'Cause I don't see a lot of honor in that, Will.
I just hope you're lying next to somebody who knows how to love you like me. There must be a good reason that you're gone. Every now and then I think you might want me to come show up at your door, but I'm just too afraid that I'll be wrong.
I just told you the truth. I told you the truth the first time. You don't have to ask me again. I never do that. I always tell you the truth. If I did it, you would know. I took her out a couple of times.
I just want to tell you how I'm feeling. Gotta make you understand. Never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down, never gonna run around and desert you. Never gonna make you cry, never gonna say goodbye, never gonna tell a lie and hurt you.
I just watched the man that I love go to prison so that none of you have to, and it hasn't been five minutes and you're already ripping each other apart.
I keep thinking I should've known it was him... That, even after all these years, a man should know his own father when he's right in front of him.
I kissed her cheek as she turned it to me. I think I would have gone through a great deal to kiss her cheek. But, I felt that the kiss was given to the coarse common boy as a piece of money might have been, and that it was worth nothing.
I knew it was you. You have your father's eyes. - And my mother's ears, but the rest belongs to you.
I know a bloke who knows a bloke who knows a bloke. Now, I know you know this bloke. This is a bloke you know.
I know Darth Vader's really got you annoyed but remember, if you kill him, then you'll be unemployed.
I know enough of the world now to have almost lost the capacity of being much surprised by anything.
I know I should be angry. I should be furious. What a way to behave your first day at school! But, if you promise me that nothing of the sort will happen again, I won't say another word about it.
I know I'm asking a lot. The price of freedom is high, always has been. It's a price I'm willing to pay. If I'm the only one, then so be it, but I'm willing to bet I'm not.
I know I'm supposed to help you, but I can't. Instead of being your support I'm your weight. Life is very heavy to me, but it is so light to you.
I know I've made some very poor decisions recently, but I can give you my complete assurance that my work will be back to normal.
I know it's a mistake. But there are certain things in life where you know it's a mistake, but you don't really know it's a mistake, because the only way to really know it's a mistake is to make the mistake.
I know more about the private lives of celebrities than I do about any governmental policy that will actually affect me. I'm interested in things that are none of my business, and I'm bored by things that are important to know.
I know nobody knows, where it comes and where it goes. I know it's everybody's sin, you got to lose to know how to win.
I know not all that may be coming, but be it what it will, I'll go to it laughing.
I know now that it's over. I knew it then. There would be no way, Michael, no way you could ever forgive me, not with this Sicilian thing that's been going on for 2,000 years.
I know someday you'll have a beautiful life, I know you'll be a star.
I know that I am mortal by nature and ephemeral, but when I trace at my pleasure the windings to and fro of the heavenly bodies, I no longer touch earth with my feet. I stand in the presence of Zeus himself and take my fill of ambrosia.
I know that the idea of raising well-rounded, smarter kids can be daunting. And sadly, no easy formula exists. Kids are as complex, varied, and exciting individuals as you are. The good news is that your child has a natural desire to do well. Your job as parent is to bring out this quality and cherish it until the day your kids leave home, and then some.
I know that you wanna but you can't 'cause you gotta stay cool in the corner when the truth is that you wanna move.
I know that you weren't bored that day because there was a lot of stuff on TV, and then The Blair Witch Project was coming on Starz and you were like, "I haven't seen this since it came out and if so we should watch it" and then, "but oh, no, we should just make out instead!"
I know there's something in the wake of your smile. I get a notion from the look in your eyes. You've built a love but that love falls apart. Your little piece of heaven turns too dark.
I know these will all be stories someday. And our pictures will become old photographs. We'll all become somebody's mom or dad. But right now these moments are not stories. This is happening. I am here and I am looking at her. And she is so beautiful. I can see it. This one moment when you know you're not a sad story. You are alive, and you stand up and see the lights on the buildings and everything that makes you wonder. And you're listening to that song and that drive with the people you love most in this world. And in this moment I swear we are infinite.
I know what "exacerbate" means. There is not a word or a sentence or a concept that you can illuminate for me.
I know what it's like to lose. To feel so desperately that you're right, yet to fail nonetheless. Dread it. Run from it. Destiny still arrives. Or should I say, I have.
I know what it's like to lose. To feel so desperately that you're right, yet to fail nonetheless. Dread it. Run from it. Destiny still arrives. Or should I say, I have.
I know what it's like to lose. To feel so desperately that you're right, yet to fail nonetheless. It's frightening. Turns the legs to jelly. I ask you, to what end? Dread it. Run from it. Destiny arrives all the same. And now, it's here. Or should I say, I am.
I know what you think it means, sonny. To me, it's just a made up word. A politician's word, so young fellas like yourself can wear a suit and a tie, and have a job. What do you really want to know? Am I sorry for what I did?
I know what you're going through. I too once fell under the spell of opium. It was 1979. I was traveling the Yangtzee in search of a Mongolian horsehair vest. I had got to the market after sundown. All of the clothing traders had gone, but a different sort of trader still lurked about. "Just a taste" he said. That was all it took.
I know what you're thinking, how the heck does a fifty-two year-old, over the hill milkshake machine salesman build a fast food empire with sixteen hundred restaurants and an annual revenue of seven hundred million dollars? One word: persistence.
I know why you did it. I know you were afraid. Who wouldn't be?
I know why you did it. I know you were afraid. Who wouldn't be? War, terror, disease. There were a myriad of problems which conspired to corrupt your reason and rob you of your common sense. Fear got the best of you, and in your panic you turned to the now high chancellor, Adam Sutler. He promised you order, he promised you peace, and all he demanded in return was your silent, obedient consent.
I know why you've come, False Shepherd. I see every sin that blackens your soul. Wounded Knee. The Pinkertons. The drinking and the gambling. And, of course, Anna. And now, to repay a debt, you've come for my lamb. But not all debts can be repaid, Booker.
I know you didn't do this. You're a good boy. But I want you to help me with this. This is serious. One of your brothers could've burned the house down, and for that he will be severely punished. But the one who helps me will be a happy little boy, and I want that to be you. Because you've always been the best one. You've always been the best one. You have always been the best one.
I know you don't get a chance to take a break this often. I know your life is speeding and it isn't stopping. Here, take my shirt and just go ahead and wipe up all sweat, sweat, sweat. Lose yourself to dance.
I know you know we've had some good times. Now they have their own hiding place. I can promise you tomorrow but I can't buy back yesterday.
I know you're coming in the night like a thief, but I've had some time alone to hone my lying technique. I know you think that I'm someone you can trust, but I'm scared I'll get scared and I swear I'll try to nail you back up.
I know you're into banks and Wall Street, but everyone knows you're the final word, you're like the Supreme Court. All I want to do is protect you from these guys and your lawyers can't do that.
I know you, I walked with you once upon a dream. I know you, the gleam in your eyes is so familiar a gleam. Yet I know it's true that visions are seldom all they seem, but if I know you, I know what you'll do - you'll love me at once, the way you did once upon a dream.
I know, I know. Now you're going to deny it. Even though it's ludicrously obvious to everyone around you, you two will go on pretending it's not true because you're emotional infants. You're in a living hell. You love each other and you hate each other and you hate yourselves for loving each other. Well, my dear friends, I want no part of it. It's time I just picked up where I left off. It's time to put Humpty Dumpty back together again. So I'll get out of here so you can just get on with your denial fest.
I know. I'm trying to save him by avoiding him so I could be with him. But I can't go near him or I'll destroy him. So if I could just manage to stay away from him then maybe we could be together. Please don't repeat that back to me.
I laugh at the whole notion of "Mr. Right" and you should too. Here's why: The concept of a perfect match, one that requires no efforts on your part, creates unreasonable expectations that force a disparity between "ideal" and "reality" that always leads to disappointment.
I learned this, at least, by my experiment: that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
I learned to write because I am one of those people who somehow cannot manage the common communications of smiles and gestures, but must use words to get across things that other people would never need to say.
I leave Sisyphus at the foot of the mountain! One always finds one's burden again. But Sisyphus teaches the higher fidelity that negates the gods and raises rocks. He too concludes that all is well. This universe henceforth without a master seems to him neither sterile nor futile. Each atom of that stone, each mineral flake of that night-filled mountain, in itself forms a world. The struggle itself toward the heights is enough to fill a man's heart. One must imagine Sisyphus happy.
I leave you with photographs, pictures of trickery, and stains on the carpet, stains on the memory, and songs about happiness murmured in dreams, when we both of us knew how the end always is.
I let it fall, my heart, and as it fell you rose to claim it. It was dark and I was over until you kissed my lips and you saved me. My hands, they're strong, but my knees were far too weak to stand in your arms without falling to your feet.
I lie here on this great immovable bed - it is nailed down, I believe - and follow that pattern about by the hour. It is as good as gymnastics, I assure you. I start, we'll say, at the bottom, down in the corner over there where it has not been touched, and I determine for the thousandth time that I WILL follow that pointless pattern to some sort of a conclusion.
I like following the news! News organizations know I won't sit still for any serious discussion of complex and boring issues. They give me what I want: antics, emotional confrontation, sound bites, scandal, sob stories and popularity polls all packaged as a soap opera and horse race! It's very entertaining.
I like them, I like them! I liked them first! Before I even met them I liked them! As soon as I met them I liked them right away! You hate them compared to how much I like them!
I look at you all, see the love there that's sleeping. While my guitar gently weeps. I look at the floor and I see it needs sweeping. Still my guitar gently weeps.
I looked at the captain. That terrible avenger, like an archangel of hatred, still watched. When it was all over, he went to his cabin. Under his gallery of heroes I saw the portrait of a woman, still young, with two little children. He gazed on them for a time, held out his arms to them, then kneeling down he wept bitterly.
I looked up at the mass of signs and stars in the night sky and laid myself open for the first time to the benign indifference of the world.
I love bagels even though they are one of mankind's most dangerous foods, which is something most people don't know. For instance, there's actually no safe way to slice a bagel. Except maybe you get somebody to do it for you. I mean you have no idea how many people have sliced an index finger in half along with a bagel.
I love Canada. I miss the heat of India, the food, the house of lizards on the walls, the musicals on the silver screen, the cows wandering the streets, the crows cawing, even the talk of cricket matches, but I love Canada. It is a great country much too cold for good sense, inhabited by compassionate, intelligent people with bad hairdos. Anyway, I have nothing to go home to in Pondicherry.
I love how Polaroid cameras make every photo look a little nostalgic.
I love the colorful clothes she wears and the way the sunlight plays upon her hair. I hear the sound of a gentle word on the wind that lifts her perfume through the air. I'm pickin' up good vibrations.
I love the ground under his feet, and the air over his head, and everything he touches and every word he says. I love all his looks, and all his actions and him entirely and all together.
I love to type crazy stuff.
I love you like a love song, baby, and I keep hitting repeat.
I love you, period. Do you love me, question mark? Please, please, exclamation point! (I want to hold you in parentheses.)
I loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be.
I loved Jordan Catalano so much, and talked about him so much, and thought about him so much, it was like he lived inside me. Like he had taken possession of my soul, or something. And then one day I got over him!
I made "Jesus Walks" I'm never going to hell. Couture level flow, it's never going on sale. Luxury rap, the Hermes of verses. Sophisticated ignorance, write my curses in cursive. I get it custom, you a customer. You ain't 'customed to going through customs. You ain't been nowhere, huh? And all the ladies in the house, got 'em showing off. I'm done, I hit ya up mana-na!
I made a very important discovery at Camp Currie. Happiness consists in getting enough sleep. Just that, nothing more.
I made a very important discovery at Camp Currie. Happiness consists in getting enough sleep. Just that, nothing more. All the wealthy, unhappy people you've ever met take sleeping pills; Mobile Infantrymen don't need them. Give a cap trooper a bunk and time to sack out in it, and he's as happy as a worm in an apple - asleep.
I maintain that inversion is the effect of neither a prenatal choice nor an endocrinal malformation nor even the passive and determined result of complexes. It is an outlet that a child discovers when he is suffocating.
I make my living off the evening news. Just give me something, something I can use. People love it when you lose. They love dirty laundry.
I make my living off the evening news. Just give me something, something I can use. People love it when you lose. They love dirty laundry. Well, I coulda been an actor, but I wound up here. I just have to look good. I don't have to be clear. Come and whisper in my ear. Give us dirty laundry.
I may be younger but I'll look after you. We're not in love but I'll make love to you. When you're not here I'll save some for you. I'm not him but I'll mean something to you. I'll mean something to you.
I may not have been sure about what really did interest me, but I was absolutely sure about what didn't.
I mean I look at a piano, I see a bunch of keys, three pedals, and a box of wood. But Beethoven, Mozart, they saw it, they could just play. I couldn't paint you a picture, I probably can't hit the ball out of Fenway, and I can't play the piano.
I mean that tonight you've made me ashamed of every concept I ever had of superior or inferior beings. But I thank you for that shame, because now I know that we are each of us a separate human being, Brandon, with the right to live and work and think as individuals, but with an obligation to the society we live in.
I mean that tonight you've made me ashamed of every concept I ever had of superior or inferior beings. But I thank you for that shame, because now I know that we are each of us a separate human being, Brandon, with the right to live and work and think as individuals, but with an obligation to the society we live in.
I mean, he's got a corporate secrecy agreement - give me a break! I mean, this is a public health issue! Like an unsafe airframe on a passenger jet or some company dumping cyanide into the East River, issues like that! He can talk, we can air it! They've got no right to hide behind a "corporate agreement"! Pass the milk.
I met him down near the border. Said he wanted me to work with him on a job. Range war. But he said it'd be easy. All we had to worry about was a drunken sheriff. Are you sure you don't want some coffee?
I mind how once we lay such a transparent summer morning, how you settled your head athwart my hips and gently turn'd over upon me, and parted the shirt from my bosom-bone, and plunged your tongue to my bare-stript heart, and reach'd till you felt my beard, and reach'd till you held my feet.
I must be cruel only to be kind; thus bad begins, and worse remains behind.
I must be taken as I have been made. The success is not mine, the failure is not mine, but the two together make me.
I must confess, I've made a mess of what should be a small success. But I digress, at least I've tried my very best, I guess.
I must congratulate you on your virtuoso performance, my boy. Centauri is impressed. I've seen 'em come, and I've seen 'em go, but you're the best, my boy. Dazzling! Light years ahead of the competition! Centauri's got a little proposition for you. Are ya interested?
I must have done something right, to deserve you in my life... I must have done something right along the way.
I must have left my house at eight because I always do. My train, I'm certain, left the station when it was due. I must have read the morning paper going into town, and having gotten through the editorial no doubt I must have frowned.
I must learn to be content with being happier than I deserve.
I must nevertheless point out that our profession very closely approaches the idea of that which is called art. Into it enter all the elements which go to form art - vocation, inspiration, fantasy, inventiveness, ambition, and a long and arduous apprenticeship to the science.
I must not fear. Fear is the mind killer. Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear.
I must not fear. Fear is the mind killer. Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when my fear is gone I will turn and face fear's path, and only I will remain.
I must wait for the sunrise, I must think of a new life and I mustn't give in when the dawn comes. Tonight will be a memory too and a new day will begin, burnt out ends of smoky days.
I must've forgot, you can't trust me. I'm open a moment and closed when you show it. Before you know it, I'm off at sea. And now that I write and think about it, and the story unfolds; you should take my life, you should take my soul.
I need a love reaction. Come on now, baby, give me just one look.
I need you, the reader, to imagine us, for we don't really exist if you don't.
I needed something to attract folks from the community. The focus group suggested an aerobics class. It worked, so I added yoga and bingo, and then a few 12-step programs, and then we opened a soup kitchen, which led to cooking lessons. Before I knew it, I had my own denomination.
I never conquered, rarely came. 16 just held such better days. Days when I still felt alive. We couldn't wait to get outside. The world was wide, too late to try. The tour was over, we'd survived. I couldn't wait 'til I got home to pass the time in my room alone.
I never did like the idea of sitting on newspapers. I did it once, and all the headlines came off on my white pants. On the level! It actually happened. Nobody bought a paper that day. They just followed me around over town and read the news on the seat of my pants.
I never got to bat in the major leagues. I'd have liked to have had that chance just once, to stare down a big league pitcher. To stare him down, then just as he goes into his windup, wink. Make him think you know something he doesn't. That's what I wish for.
I never had no trouble with these people. I sat in this window. I watched these little kids get old. And I seen the old people get older. Yeah, sure, some of them don't like us, but most of them do. I mean, for Christ's sake, Pino, they grew up on my food. On my food. And I'm very proud of that.
I never imagined a boy like you could give me so much trouble. It's unbelievable that you defeated my alter ego, Agahnim the Dark Wizard, twice! But I will never give you the Triforce. I will destroy you and make my wish to conquer both Light and Dark Worlds come true without delay.
I never knew I could drive like that. I was going faster than I've ever gone before, and yet, it all seemed to be happening in slow motion. I was seeing three and four moves ahead, weaving in and out of lanes like an Olympic skier on a gold medal run. I knew I was challenging the very laws of physics. At Queens Boulevard, I took the shoulder. At Jewel Avenue, I used the median. I had it. I was there... and then... I hit the Van Wyck. They say no one's ever beaten the Van Wyck, but gentlemen, I tell you this - I came as close as anyone ever has. And if it hadn't been for that five-car-pile-up on Rockaway Boulevard, that numbskull would be on a plane for Seattle right now instead of looking for a parking space downstairs.
I never realize how much I like being home unless I've been somewhere really different for a while.
I never said I would stay to the end - I knew I would leave you with babies and everything. Screaming like this in the hole of sincerity, screaming me over and over and over. I leave you with photographs, pictures of trickery, and stains on the carpet, stains on the memory, and songs about happiness murmured in dreams, when we both of us knew how the end always is.
I never should have told you, I never should have let you see inside, don't want it troubling in your mind. Won't you let it be?
I never sleep, I don't know why. I had a roommate and I drove her nuts, I mean really nuts. They had to take her away in an ambulance and everything. But she's okay now, but she had to transfer to an easier school, but I don't know if that had anything to do with being my fault. But listen, if you ever need to talk or you need help studying just let me know, 'cause I'm just a couple doors down from you guys and I never sleep, okay?
I never thought I'd die alone. I laughed the loudest, who'd have known? I trace the cord back to the wall. No wonder, it was never plugged in at all. I took my time, I hurried up. The choice was mine, I didn't think enough. I'm too depressed to go on. You'll be sorry when I'm gone.
I never thought I'd feel this way, and as far as I'm concerned I'm glad I got the chance to say that I do believe I love you.
I never wanted to be the man who loves children, but... from the moment they're born... that baby comes out, and you act proud and excited, hand out cigars... but you don't feel anything, especially if you had a difficult childhood. You want to love them, but you don't. And the fact that you're faking that feeling makes you wonder if your father had the same problem. Then they get older, and you see them do something, and you feel that feeling that you've been pretending to have. You feel like your heart is going to explode.
I never wanted to become someone like him. So secure, content to live each day just like the last. I was sure I knew that this was not for me. And I wanted so much more; far beyond what I could see. So I swore that I'd never be someone like him.
I noticed your band is on the roster for the dance auditions after school today. Why even bother, McFly? You don't have a chance. You're too much like your old man. No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley!
I offered her a job at the desk. You can imagine what she said to that. If the economy hadn't bottomed out, she might have got along all right.
I often see racers, particularly at the back of the pack in amateur races, trying to go fast, with their arms flailing around, banging off shifts, jerking the steering into a turn with feet stabbing at the pedals - the car usually in massive slides through the turns. It may feel as fast and even look fast, but I'll guarantee it's not. If the driver would only slow down, the car would actually go faster. It reminds me of the saying, "never confuse movement for action."
I often see racers, particularly at the back of the pack in amateur races, trying to go fast, with their arms flailing around, banging off shifts, jerking the steering into a turn with feet stabbing at the pedals. If the driver would only slow down, the car would actually go faster. It reminds me of the saying, "never confuse movement for action."
I often think that men don't understand what is noble and what is ignorant, though they always talk about it.
I once lived in the Lost Woods, until the day I wandered into a magic transporter. The power of the Dark World quickly turned me into this tree shape. I guess the two forests are connected with each other.
I only lose my fear when I run. I won't lose a tear when I run. I won't find a heart so I run. And now the time is right so we run.
I only see my goals, I don't believe in failure 'cause I know the smallest voices, they can make it major. I got my boys with me, at least those in favor. And if we don't meet before I leave, I hope I'll see you later.
I open up the paper. There's a story of an actor who had died while he was drinking. He was no one I had heard of. And I'm turning to the horoscope and looking for the funnies when I'm feeling someone watching me.
I placed my revolver, cocked, upon the top of the wooden case behind which I crouched. Holmes shot the slide across the front of his lantern and left us in pitch darkness - such an absolute darkness as I have never before experienced. The smell of hot metal remained to assure us that the light was still there, ready to flash out at a moment's notice. To me, with my nerves worked up to a pitch of expectancy, there was something depressing and subduing in the sudden gloom, and in the cold dank air of the vault.
I plan to leave. You want me to stay. Well, an element of conflict in any discussion's a very good thing. It means everybody is taking part and nobody is left out.
I pulled up to the house about 7 or 8, and I yelled to the cabbie, "Yo home smell ya later." I looked at my kingdom, I was finally there, to sit on my throne as the Prince of Bel-Air.
I put a lot of thought into the Universe; came up with the rules. It sets a bad example if I break them - not to mention, shows favoritism. Why should one person get a miracle, and not everybody else? Can you imagine the confusion? It's better when we all abide by the rules.
I put a spatially tessellated void inside a modified temporal field until a planet developed intelligent life. I then introduced that life to the wonders of electricity, which they now generate on a global scale. And, you know, some of it goes to power my engine and charge my phone and stuff.
I ran out of tears when I was 18, so nobody made me but the main streets. 'Cause too many people think they made me. Well, if they really made me then replace me.
I read this thing the other day about how when you hear that ding on your inbox you get like a dopamine rush in your brain. It's like we're being chemically rewarded for allowing ourselves to be brainwashed. How evil is that?
I realize that all you seventh graders are delicate, adolescent flowers just beginning your high school blooming. And so I say this with utmost sensitivity. Take this test or die.
I realized that back then, the reason I wanted to become human, was that I really just wanted to have friends. Now, I just want to be a monster that can help Luffy.
I really don't mind the rain and a smile can hide all the pain. But you're down when you're ridin' the train that's takin' the long way.
I received special training via a secret organization working under the direct control of the President. I was to assume the responsibility of protecting the new President's family.
I refuse to be a failure. I don't care what you want anymore. This is how it's going to work: You will be here only when I tell you you can be here. I'm drawing a 50-mile radius around this house, and if you so much as open your fly to urinate I will destroy you. Do you understand?
I refuse to give up! I refuse to get bored! I refuse to throw it all away! I refuse to despair! Because all I have going for me is the desire to keep moving forward!
I rejected those answers; instead, I chose something different. I chose the impossible. I chose Rapture, a city where the artist would not fear the censor. Where the scientist would not be bound by petty morality. Where the great would not be constrained by the small! And with the sweat of your brow, Rapture can become your city as well.
I remember how you said that sometimes it gets just a little hard being home. There's sand stuck in my bed and memories in my head, love, I've been trying to let this whole thing go.
I remember it Ed, that story you told me, came clear back tonight here while writing. And you should know the feeling never left me, the weight of my heart, when you showed me the scars on your arms. When I looked in your eyes and I heard what you said. How you probably would've died were it not for to care for your daughter and wife. How he drove in the knife, still your son.
I remember that I'm invisible and walk softly so as to not awaken the sleeping ones. Sometimes it is best not to awaken them; there are few things in the world as dangerous as sleepwalkers.
I remember the night you were charged with practicing iambic pentameter without a license.
I remember way back then when everything was true and when we would have such a very good time. Such a fine time, such a happy time.
I remember when we used to sit in the government yard in Trenchtown. Observing the hypocrites as they would mingle with the good people we meet. Good friends we had, good friends we lost along the way. In this bright future you can't forget your past, so dry your tears, I say.
I remembered a worrisome course in the Victorian novel where woman after woman died, palely and nobly, in torrents of blood, after a difficult childbirth.
I remembered the line from the Hindu scripture, the Bhagavad-Gita; Vishnu is trying to persuade the Prince that he should do his duty and, to impress him, takes on his multi-armed form and says, "Now I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds." I suppose we all thought that, one way or another.
I said a hip hop, the hippie, the hippie to the hip, hip hop, and you don't stop, the rockin' to the bang bang boogie, say, up jump the boogie, to the rhythm of the boogie, the beat.
I said baby, I do this, I thought that, you knew this. Can't stand no haters and honest, the truth is. And my flow retarded, they speak it, depart it. Swagger on super, I can't shop at no department. Better get my money on time, if they not money, decline. And swear I meant that there so much that they give that line a rewind. So get my money on time, if they not money, decline. I just can't worry 'bout no haters, gotta stay on my grind. Now tell me, who that, who that. That do that, do that. Put that paper over all, I thought you knew that, knew that. I be that I-G-G-Y, put my name in bold. I been working, I'm up in here with some change to throw.
I said that I would see you because I had heard that you were a serious man. A man to be treated with respect but I must say no to you and I will give you my reasons. It's true, I have a lot of friends in politics. But they wouldn't be so friendly if they knew my business was drugs instead of gambling which they consider a harmless vice, but drugs, that's a dirty business.
I said to myself, this is the business we've chosen; I didn't ask who gave the order, because it had nothing to do with business.
I saw a little rocky point ahead of me, as if made on purpose for a war correspondent. By running across some open ground I was on to it. There was good if not ample cover on the top. It was in the middle of the angle made by the line of advance of the men along the ridge and the line of the Devons' main advance, and quite close to the hill. Stretching away on our left over a level khaki-coloured sloping field (if I may so call it) of veldt, were the Devons lying behind ant-hills, placed as if on purpose to give scant but welcome shelter to troops advancing under fire.
I saw a strange thing today. Some rebels were being arrested. One of them pulled the pin on a grenade. He took himself and the captain of the command with him. Now, soldiers are paid to fight; the rebels aren't.
I saw Bigfoot once. 1951, back in Sequoia National Park. Had a foot on him thirty-seven inches heel to toe. It made a sound I would not want to hear twice in my life.
I saw her today at the reception, a glass of wine in her hand. I knew she was gonna meet her connection. At her feet was footloose man.
I saw in your eyes and I saw the way you carried yourself that you're not a happy person.
I say to man in shop "Is rat." He say "No, no, no. Is a special kind of hamster. Is filigree Siberian hamster." Only one in shop. He make special price: only five pound.
I say to you today, my friends, that in spite of the difficulties and frustrations of the moment, I still have a dream. It is a dream deeply rooted in the American dream. I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed: "We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal."
I search the faces of the gods... for ways to please you, to make you proud. One kind word, one full hug... where you pressed me to your chest and held me tight. Would have been like the sun on my heart for a thousand years. What is it in me that you hate so much?
I see a beautiful city and a brilliant people rising from this abyss, and, in their struggles to be truly free, in their triumphs and defeats, through long years to come, I see the evil of this time and of the previous time of which this is the natural birth, gradually making expiation for itself and wearing out.
I see a line of cars and they're all painted black with flowers and my love, both never to come back. I see people turn their heads and quickly look away. Like a new born baby, it just happens every day.
I see a little silhouetto of a man. Scaramouche, Scaramouche, will you do the Fandango? Thunderbolt and lightning, very, very fright'ning me. Galileo, Galileo, Galileo, figaro, magnifico. I'm just a poor boy, nobody loves me. He's just a poor boy from a poor family. Spare him his life from this monstrosity.
I see in your eyes the same fear that would take the heart of me. A day may come when the courage of men fails, when we forsake our friends and break all bonds of fellowship, but it is not this day. An hour of woes and shattered shields, when the age of men comes crashing down! But it is not this day! This day we fight!
I see something of God each hour of the twenty-four, and each moment then, in the faces of men and women I see God, and in my own face in the glass; I find letters from God dropped in the street, and every one is signed by God's name, and I leave them where they are, for I know that others will punctually come forever and ever.
I see trees of green, red roses too, I see them bloom for me and you, and I think to myself what a wonderful world. I see skies of blue and clouds of white, the bright blessed day, the dark sacred night, and I think to myself what a wonderful world.
I see you're drinking 1%. Is that 'cause you think you're fat? Because you're not. You could be drinking whole if you wanted to. Well, I have all your equipment in my locker. You should probably come get it 'cause I can't fit my nunchucks in there anymore.
I see, these books are probably law books, and it is an essential part of the justice dispensed here that you should be condemned not only in innocence but also in ignorance.
I seem to be what I'm not, you see. I'm wearing my heart like a crown, pretending that you're still around.
I sense that a mighty evil force guides the wizard's actions and augments his magical power. The only weapon potent enough to defeat the wizard is the legendary Master Sword. It is said that the village elder is a descendant of one of the seven wise men. Maybe he can tell you more. I will mark his house on your map. But watch your every move! I am certain that the castle soldiers will be looking for you now! I will hide Princess Zelda here. Do not worry! Seek the elder!
I set my ATM card's number to "0001" because I'm number one!
I should have never gave my word to you, not a cry, not a sound. Might have learned how to swim, but never taught how to drown. You said "Remember me for me". I watched you set your spirit free.
I sincerely believe that if women study male lessons on concepts of assertion, courage, destiny, purpose, honor, dreams, endeavor, perseverance, goal orientation, etc., they would have a more fulfilling life, pick better men with whom to be intimate, and have better relationships with them.
I sing the body electric, the armies of those I love engirth me and I engirth them, they will not let me off till I go with them, respond to them, and discorrupt them, and charge them full with the charge of the soul.
I sit at my table and wage war on myself. It seems like it's all, it's all for nothing. I know the barricades and I know the mortar in the wall breaks. I recognize the weapons, I used them well. This is my mistake. Let me make it good. I raised the wall and I will be the one to knock it down.
I so enjoy watching history warp as words pass from the lips of one to the ears of another. Imperfectly formed, half understood, poorly remembered. In the years to come, the story of the Crown Killer will be twisted and bent; hammered like soft metal. By some accounts, a monster that had to be put down. By others, a victim of treachery, preserved because in the end you found another way. But you'll always remember the truth won't you? Your truth, at least.
I started the day with some nothin' tea. Nothin' tea is easy to make. First, get some hot water, then add nothin'. I experimented with potato skin tea a few weeks ago. The less said about that the better.
I started to walk down the street when I heard a voice saying, "Good evening, Mr. Dowd". I turned, and there was this big white rabbit leaning against a lamp-post. Well, I thought nothing of that, because when you've lived in a town as long as I've lived in this one, you get used to the fact that everybody knows your name. And naturally, I went over to chat with him.
I still don't know what it really means to grow up. However, if I happen to meet you, one day in the future, by then, I want to become someone you can be proud to know.
I still remember these old country lanes when we did not know the answers.
I still see things that are not here. I just choose not to acknowledge them. Like a diet of the mind, I just choose not to indulge certain appetites; like my appetite for patterns; perhaps my appetite to imagine and to dream.
I still see your shadows in my room, can't take back the love that I gave you. It's to the point where I love and I hate you, and I cannot change you so I must replace you. Easier said than done, I thought you were the one. Listening to my heart, instead of my head. You found another one, but I am the better one. I won't let you forget me.
I still think about the letter you asked me to write. It nags at me, even though you're gone and there's no one to give it to anymore. Sometimes I work on it in my head, trying to map out the story you asked me to tell, about everything that happened this past fall and winter. It's all still there, like a movie I can watch when I want to. Which is never.
I still think picking a hero is overrated. You pick one, you admire them; a week later they've been arrested.
I still want to smack him. Or remind him that the last transfer we had from Abnegation, who is sitting right next to him, managed to knock out some of his teeth, so who knows what this next one will do.
I still want to smack him. Or remind him that the last transfer we had from Abnegation, who is sitting right next to him, managed to knock out some of his teeth, so who knows what this next one will do.
I stopped in the middle of that building and I saw - the sky. I saw the things that I love in this world. The work and the food and the time to sit and smoke. And I looked at the pen and I thought to myself, what the hell am I grabbing this for? Why am I trying to become what I don't want to be? What am I doing in an office, making a contemptuous, begging fool of myself, when all I want is out there, waiting for me the minute I say I know who I am!
I suddenly had the impression that I had been left all alone, that everyone was shrinking away from me, avoiding me. You are, of course, right to ask who that everyone is, for although I've lived in Petersburg for eight years now, I haven't managed to make a single friend.
I suddenly remembered my Charlemagne. Let my armies be the rocks and the trees and the birds in the sky.
I suffered no pain, my hunger had taken the edge off; instead I felt pleasantly empty, untouched by everything around me and happy to be unseen by all. I put my legs up on the bench and leaned back, the best way to feel the true well-being of seclusion. There wasn't a cloud in my mind, nor did I feel any discomfort, and I hadn't a single unfulfilled desire or craving as far as my thought could reach. I lay with open eyes in a state of utter absence from myself and felt deliciously out of it.
I suggest you change your diet. It could lead to high blood pressure if you fry it. Or even a stroke, heart attack, heart disease.
I suppose I could collect my books and get on back to school or steal my daddy's cue and make a living out of playing pool or find myself a rock and roll band that needs a helping hand.
I suppose it is tempting, if the only tool you have is a hammer, to treat everything as if it were a nail.
I survived a dreadful accident in the car crash of the century. My shattered hopes collapsed on cold cement, but in the back of the ambulance, I'd never felt so content. A high speed collision gave a new sense of sight to me, and now my vision can render the scene, a blurry image of wreckage and roadside debris. Happiness returned to me through a grave emergency.
I swear, there is nothing in the world my mother is better at than getting someone to agree to something that in any other universe, they would never ever consider.
I take care of my body above all else. Diet, exercise, supplements, positive thinking. Scientists believe that the first human being who will live 150 years has already been born. I believe I am that human being.
I tell you, we got two categories of pilots around here. We got your prime pilots that get all the hot planes, and we got your pud-knockers who dream about getting the hot planes. Now what are you two pud-knockers gonna have?
I tensed, waiting for the fury - both his and mine - but it was only quiet and calm in the darkness of his room. I could almost taste the sweetness of reunion in the air, a separate fragrance from the perfume of his breath; the emptiness when we were apart left its own bitter aftertaste, something I didn't consciously notice until it was removed.
I tensed, waiting for the fury - both his and mine - but it was only quiet and calm in the darkness of his room. I could almost taste the sweetness of reunion in the air.
I think a lot about the way it ends - the kind of things no one ever wants me to say again. But the line's in my mind so when I peace I'll know I had the best times, with the greatest friends. That's why I own it, live in the moment, trying to make the most of it, notice the unnoticed. And any stacks that I stack, well that's a bonus, I've seen too many dull folks working the wrong motives. So while you're napping in the afternoon, I'm in the classroom raising up my hand, yes I'm that dude. I'm in the Cancun sands, just passing through 'til I'm in the studio booth checking these raps too. And if you're waiting for anybody to ask you where your passion falls or what you have to do, then consider this your call to be all you can be. Stand up tall, hustle, no plan B.
I think a nerd is a person who uses the telephone to talk to other people about telephones. And a computer nerd therefore is somebody who uses a computer in order to use a computer.
I think about all the people I've loved, now long gone. I think about my beautiful Jan, and how I lost her so many years ago. I think about all of us walking our own Green Mile, each in our own time. But one thought, more than any other, keeps me awake most nights. If he could make a mouse live so long, how much longer do I have? We each owe a death, there are no exceptions, but sometimes, oh God, the Green Mile seems so long.
I think about my daughter now, and what she was spared. Sometimes I feel grateful. The doctor said she didn't feel a thing, went straight into a coma. Then, somewhere in that blackness, she slipped off into another, deeper kind. Isn't that a beautiful way to go out, painlessly as a happy child? Trouble with dying later is you've already grown up. The damage is done. It's too late.
I think he knows what Rome is. Rome is the mob. Conjure magic for them and they'll be distracted. Take away their freedom and still they'll roar. The beating heart of Rome is not the marble of the senate, it's the sand of the coliseum. He'll bring them death - and they will love him for it.
I think human beings must have faith or must look for faith, otherwise our life is empty. To live and not to know why the cranes fly, why children are born, why there are stars in the sky. You must know why you are alive, or else everything is nonsense, just blowing in the wind.
I think human consciousness is a tragic misstep in evolution. We became too self-aware. Nature created an aspect of nature separate from itself. We are creatures that should not exist by natural law. We are things that labor under the illusion of having a self, this accretion of sensory experience and feelings, programmed with total assurance that we are each somebody, when in fact everybody's nobody. I think the honorable thing for our species to do is to deny our programming. Stop reproducing. Walk hand-in-hand into extinction. One last midnight, brothers and sisters opting out of a raw deal.
I think I really like it best when you can kid the pants off a girl when the opportunity arises.
I think I'm starting to lose my sense of humor. Everything's so tense and gloom, I almost feel like I gotta check the temperature of the room just as soon as I walk in. It's like all eyes on me, so I try to avoid any eye contact, 'cause if I do that then it opens a door for conversation, like I want that.
I think if it is true that there are as many minds as there are heads, then there are as many kinds of love as there are hearts.
I think if your clients want to sit on my shoulders and call themselves tall, they have the right to give it a try. But there's no requirement that I enjoy sitting here listening to people lie. You have part of my attention. You have the minimum amount. The rest of my attention is back at the offices of Facebook, where my colleagues and I are doing things that no one in this room, including and especially your clients, are intellectually or creatively capable of doing.
I think it's good that we talk. I have a problem. Now I have to find out if it is my problem or your problem.
I think people place too much emphasis on their careers. I wish we could all live in the mountains at high altitude. That's where I see myself in five years. How about you?
I think that if I ever have kids, and they are upset, I won't tell them that people are starving in China or anything like that because it wouldn't change the fact that they were upset. And even if somebody else has it much worse, that doesn't really change the fact that you have what you have.
I think that those two people want to be together. I think that love, at the end of the day, is stronger than some mistake somebody made; something they did that they regret. I think that love allows for forgiveness.
I think the devil doesn't exist, but man has created him, he has created him in his own image and likeness.
I think the world divides neatly into those who are excited by the managed induction of terror and those who are not. I do not find terror exciting. I find it terrifying. One of my basic goals is to subject my nervous system to as little total terror as possible. The cruel paradox of course is that this kind of makeup usually goes hand in hand with a delicate nervous system that's extremely easy to terrify.
I think what our insightful young friend is saying is that we welcome the inevitable seasons of nature, but we're upset by the seasons of our economy.
I think you need something. And if you want to call it a friend, you can call it a friend.
I think you're a lonely person. I see all these phones and all this stuff on your desk. It means nothing.
I think you're gonna find - when all this stuff is over and done - I think you're gonna find yourself one smiling guy.
I think you're gonna find - when all this stuff is over and done - I think you're gonna find yourself one smiling guy. Thing is Butch, right now you got ability. But painful as it may be, ability don't last. Now that's a hard fact of life, but it's a fact of life you're gonna have to get realistic about.
I think you're still trying to figure out where you are. Where that ship of yours is. How to get back to that life.
I think you're the greatest but my dad says you don't work hard enough on defense. And he says that lots of times, you don't even run downcourt. And that you don't really try except during the playoffs.
I think you're the kindest, sweetest, prettiest person I've ever met in my life. I've never seen anyone that's nicer to people than you are. The first time I saw you... something happened to me. I never told you but I knew that I wanted to hold you as hard as I could. I don't deserve someone like you. But if I ever could, I swear I would love you for the rest of my life.
I thought back on my running career at Oregon. I'd competed with, and against, men far better, faster, more physically gifted. Many were future Olympians. And yet I'd trained myself to forget this unhappy fact. People reflexively assume that competition is always a good thing, that it always brings out the best in people, but that's only true of people who can forget the competition. The art of competing, I'd learned from track, was the art of forgetting, and I now reminded myself of that fact. You must forget your limits. You must forget your doubts, your pain, your past.
I thought climbing the Devil's Thumb would fix all that was wrong with my life. In the end, of course, it changed almost nothing. But I came to appreciate that mountains make poor receptacles for dreams. And I lived to tell my tale.
I thought her looking as she always does: superior in all respects to everyone around her.
I thought I had the whole world in my mouth. I thought I could say what I wanted to say. For a second that thought became a sword in my hand. I could slay any problem that would stand in my way. I felt just like a crusader. Lion-heart, a Holy Land invader. But nobody can say what they really mean to say, and the impotency of speech came up and hit me that day, and I would have made this instrumental but the words got in the way.
I thought I was gonna be the first Funspot kill screen and then I had three fireballs trap me. I had the hammer in my hand; they still got me. So anything can happen in Donkey Kong. So for someone else to beat me to the kill screen would be a letdown, but let's see what happens. Maybe he'll crack under the pressure and maybe I'll get my chance to do it first.
I thought I was part of the family. I thought I mattered... But I was just their toy, something to throw away when you're done with it.
I thought maybe I'd run to the end of town. And when I got there, I thought maybe I'd just run across Greenbow County. And I figured, since I run this far, maybe I'd just run across the great state of Alabama.
I thought: That is the fear. I have lost something important, and I cannot find it, and I need it. It is fear like if someone lost his glasses and went to the glasses store and they told him that the world had run out of glasses and he would just have to do without.
I took a course in art last winter. I learnt the difference between a fine oil painting, and a mechanical thing, like a photograph. The photograph shows only the reality. The painting shows not only the reality, but the dream behind it. It's our dreams, doctor, that carry us on. They separate us from the beasts.
I took a walk along last night, I looked up at the stars to try and find an answer in my life. I chose a star for me, I chose a star for him, I chose two stars for my kids and one star for my wife.
I took a wrong turn on the way to the bathroom and found myself in a beautifully proportioned room I had never seen before, containing a really rather magnificent collection of chamberpots. When I went back to investigate more closely, I discovered that the room had vanished. But I must keep an eye out for it. Possibly it is only accessible at five thirty in the morning. Or it may only appear at the quarter moon - or when the seeker has an exceptionally full bladder.
I took for granted all the times that I thought would last somehow. I hear the laughter, I taste the tears, but I can't get near you now.
I took her hand in mine, and we went out of the ruined place; and, as the morning mists had risen long ago when I first left the forge, so, the evening mists were rising now, and in all the broad expanse of tranquil light they showed to me, I saw no shadow of another parting from her.
I took her hand in mine, and we went out of the ruined place; and, as the morning mists had risen long ago when I first left the forge, so, the evening mists were rising now, and in all the broad expanse of tranquil light they showed to me, I saw the shadow of no parting from her.
I took her to a supermarket. I don't know why, but I had to start it somewhere: so it started there. I said, "Pretend you've got no money." She just laughed and said, "Oh, you're so funny." I said, "Yeah? Well, I can't see anyone else smiling in here - are you sure you want to live like common people?"
I took up my vocation, I was called by my nation. Without hesitation, my answer I gave. Now I am not wondering the things that I might have been. I'm no consolation to the forgotten brave.
I touch no one and no one touches me. I am a rock, I am an island. And a rock feels no pain; and an island never cries.
I tried several times to call her, but after the first call, she wouldn't come to the phone any longer. I also sent flowers but with no luck. The smell of the flowers only made me sicker. The headaches got worse. I think I got stomach cancer. I shouldn't complain though. You're only as healthy as you feel.
I tried to save the Shire, and it has been saved, but not for me. It must often be so, Sam, when things are in danger: some one has to give them up, lose them, so that others may keep them. But you are my heir: all that I had and might have had I leave to you.
I tried, I tried. I tried to talk to Toby and be his friend but that is like trying to be friends with an evil snail.
I turned back, and perceived a vast opaque body between me and the sun moving forwards towards the island: it seemed to be about two miles high, and hid the sun six or seven minutes; but I did not observe the air to be much colder, or the sky more darkened, than if I had stood under the shade of a mountain.
I used to analyze myself down to the last thread, used to compare myself with others, recalled all the smallest glances, smiles and words of those to whom I'd tried to be frank, interpreted everything in a bad light, laughed viciously at my attempts "to be like the rest" - and suddenly, in the midst of my laughing, I'd give way to sadness, fall into ludicrous despondency and once again start the whole process all over again - in short, I went round and round like a squirrel on a wheel.
I used to bite my tongue and hold my breath, scared to rock the boat and make a mess. So I sat quietly, agreed politely. I guess that I forgot I had a choice. I let you push me past the breaking point. I stood for nothing, so I fell for everything.
I used to dread getting older because I thought I would not be able to do all the things I wanted to do, but now that I'm older I find that I don't want to do them.
I used to hate writing assignments, but now I enjoy them. I realized that the purpose of writing is to inflate weak ideas, obscure poor reasoning, and inhibit clarity. With a little practice, writing can be an intimidating and impenetrable fog!
I used to kid her once in a while because she wouldn't take her kings out of the back row.
I used to love travelling on the trains from town to town. The hotels... brass spittoons in the lobbies, brass beds in the rooms. It was the crowd, rising to their feet when the ball was hit deep. Shoot, I'd play for nothing!
I used to think she was quite intelligent, in my stupidity. The reason I did was because she knew quite a lot about the theater and plays and literature and all that stuff. If somebody knows quite a lot about all those things, it takes you quite a while to find out whether they're really stupid or not.
I walk a lonely road, the only one that I have ever known. Don't know where it goes, but it's only me and I walk alone. I walk this empty street on the Boulevard of Broken Dreams. Where the city sleeps, and I'm the only one and I walk alone.
I walk a mile with a smile and I don't know, I don't care where I am, but I know it's alright. Jump the tracks, can't get back. I don't know anyone around here, but I'm safe this time, cause when you tell me stupid things, like you do, I have to change the rules.
I walk around with my arms out straight in front of me and recite these cliches. In a monotone. No inflection necessary.
I walk ten thousand miles, ten thousand miles to see you. And every gasp of breath I grabbed it just to find you. I climbed up every hill to get to you. I wandered ancient lands to hold just you.
I walk through the valley of the shadow of death. And I'll fear no evil because I'm blind to it all. And my mind and my gun they comfort me. Because I know I'll kill my enemies when they come. Surely goodness and mercy will follow me all the days of my life and I will dwell on this earth forevermore. Still I walk beside the still waters and they restore my soul. But I can't walk on the path of the right because I'm wrong.
I walked away and left him standing there in the moonlight watching over nothing.
I walked awhile among the rocks: the sky was perfectly clear, and the sun so hot, that I was forced to turn my face from it: when all of a sudden it became obscure, as I thought, in a manner very different from what happens by the interposition of a cloud.
I walked by your guidance counselor's office one time. A bunch of you were sitting there waiting to be shepherded. I remember it smelled like dead flowers, like decay. Then it hit me. The hope of our nation's future is a bunch of mulch.
I walked into the store. After the buzzing and booming of the entertainment center, the hardware store seemed as quiet as the interior of an iceberg. Next to the razor sets, I found nail clippers arrayed like entomological specimens. I picked up the most featureless of the lot and took it over to the register.
I waltz through security with someone else's ID. Nobody gives me a second look. When the rightful owner shows up, there's no facility-wide badge check. I find access doors left unlocked or propped open, passwords written on Post-it notes. Warehouse workers are using pen and paper instead of electronic inventory devices, which leaves you wide open to pilfering. You got duplicate routing numbers on cargo, surveillance camera blind spots on the north and the east side of the floor, inventory documents that are going into the trash instead of being shredded, not to mention loading equipment being driven at unsafe speeds and crews disregarding safe...
I wanna be inside your heaven. Take me to the place you cry from, where the storm blows your way. I wanna be earth that holds you. Every bit of air you're breathing in, a soothing wind, I wanna be inside your heaven.
I wanna hold you when I'm not supposed to. When I'm lying close to someone else. You're stuck in my head and I can't get you out of it. If I could do it all again, I know I'd go back to you.
I wanna wake up in a city that doesn't sleep and find I'm king of the hill, top of the heap. These little town blues are melting away.
I want a one hundred dollar gift card deposited into my locker by noon tomorrow. Preferably to the Gap, but I'd also take Amazon.com, or OfficeMax. Actually, make it OfficeMax - I have my eye on a label maker.
I want adventure in the great wide somewhere. I want it more than I can tell. And for once it might be grand to have someone understand; I want so much more than they've got planned.
I want this mark all the way back to Earth with time to spare. We've never lost an American in space, we're sure as hell not gonna lose one on my watch. Failure is not an option!
I want to defeat the me that's dragging this failure around. I don't want to forget my failure. But if I carry it with me as a bad memory and keep running away, I will never change.
I want to leave my footprints in the sands of time. Know there was something that meant something that I left behind. The hearts I have touched will be the proof that I leave that I made a difference and this world will see I was here.
I want to play a game. Let's play hide and seek. Those were her exact words. Yay, you found one, I can hear her, even now. Wow, you found another one. There must be a purpose to this. That's it... The beacon is lit! I know where and when you are! Sooner or later, I will find you. Together, we will ensure a better future for the children.
I want to say I'm sorry for stuff I haven't done yet. Things will shortly get completely out of hand, I can feel it in the rotten air tonight. In the tips of my finger, in the skin on my face, in the weak last gasp of the evening's dying light. In the way those eyes I've always loved illuminate this place. Like a trashcan fire in a prison cell, like the searchlights in the parking lots of hell.
I want to speak to someone in charge. I want to lodge a complaint. You have no right to make people crazy! You think I investigate every Walter Cronkite story there is? Huh? If this is just nerve gas, how come I know everything in such detail? I've never been here before. How come I know so much?
I want to tell you somethin' about the law. Please, take a seat. Separate from all the bribes we put up, I paid 5,000 dollars to avoid being the object of fireside ditties about a man that fled a murder warrant then worked very hard to get his camp annexed by the territory, only to have them serve the warrant of him and to face the six-foot drop. Into the magistrate's pocket the money goes, after which he sends a message. The 5,000'll need company if I'm to be off the hook. I give you the law.
I want you to be very clear about this: You were fired. I wanted you out, Cooper wanted you out, and you would be if it weren't for this man. He thought you deserved another chance. That's right, he fought for you.
I want you to know that the day you saw something in me, my whole life changed.
I want you to know that the day you saw something in me, my whole life changed. And since then, it's been my privilege to not only be at your side, but to be treated like a protege. And for you to be my mentor, and my champion.
I want your answer and the money by noon tomorrow. And one more thing. Don't you contact me again, ever. From now on, you deal with Turnbull.
I wanted to ask you a couple of questions while I have you here. I'm interested in selling my youngest daughter into slavery as sanctioned in Exodus 21:7. She's a Georgetown sophomore, speaks fluent Italian, always cleared the table when it was her turn. What would a good price for her be?
I wanted to be a hero. I wanted to be the center of attention. I wanted the glory. I wanted the fame. I wanted the pretty girls to come up and say, "Hi, I see that you're good at Centipede."
I wanted to understand as much as I could about the procedure as possible. I think it's important for my job to understand the inner workings of the work that we do, well not that I do, but the work that is done by people where I also work, the work of my colleagues.
I wanted you to see what real courage is, instead of getting the idea that courage is a man with a gun in his hand. It's when you know you're licked before you begin but you begin anyway and you see it through no matter what. You rarely win, but sometimes you do.
I was a son. A brother, like you, a younger brother, and I had an older brother who I loved. Idolized, in fact. And one day I went to him and I begged him to stand with me, and Michael... Michael turned on me. Called me a freak. A monster. And then he beat me down. All because I was different. Because I had a mind of my own.
I was assailed by memories of a life that wasn't mine anymore, but one in which I'd found the simplest and most lasting joys: the smells of summer, the part of town I loved, a certain evening sky, Marie's dresses and the way she laughed.
I was born 87 years ago. For 65 years I've ruled as Tamriel's Emperor. But for all these years I have never been the ruler of my own dreams. I have seen the Gates of Oblivion, beyond which no waking eye may see. Behold, in Darkness a Doom sweeps the land. This is the 27th of Last Seed; the Year of Akatosh 433. These are the closing days of the 3rd Era, and the final hours of my life.
I was born in a town that was straight out of a fairy tale. Many people died there, and when I walked away, I held hands with my other self. To me it seemed like we were the only two people in the world. Neither one of us possessed a real name.
I was eleven years old and when I was strong enough I dedicated my life to the study of fencing. So the next time we meet I will not fail. I will go up to the six-fingered man and say, "Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die."
I was even convinced that during those moments her face changed, that her lips curled with scorn and she was perhaps laughing with some other man, and that the whole story of the passageways was my own ridiculous invention, and that after all there was only one tunnel, dark and solitary: mine, the tunnel in which I had spent my childhood, my youth, my entire life.
I was fully prepared to do my time in Anchorage, but I am contractually bound to this tundra under false pretenses and against my will. So if I resort to some unscrupulous practices to right a greater wrong, look, where's Amnesty International when it comes to Joel Fleischman?
I was going to the worst place in the world and I didn't even know it yet. Weeks away and hundreds of miles up a river that snaked through the war like a main circuit cable plugged straight into Kurtz. It was no accident that I got to be the caretaker of Colonel Walter E. Kurtz's memory any more than being back in Saigon was an accident. There is no way to tell his story without telling my own. And if his story really is a confession, then so is mine.
I was having this awful nightmare that I was 32. And then I woke up and I was 23. So relieved. And then I woke up for real, and I was 32.
I was hugely impressed. Kirk, I mean Shatner, was the ultimate example of a man who knew what he didn't know, was perfectly willing to admit it, and didn't want to leave until he understood. That's heroic to me.
I was involved, deeply involved, in a deception. I have deceived my friends and I had millions of them. I lied to the American people. I lied about what I knew and then I lied about what I did not know. In a sense I was like a child who refuses to admit a fact in the hope that it would go away. Of course it did not go away. I was scared, scared to death. I had no solid position, no basis to stand on for myself. There was one way out and that was simply to tell the truth.
I was just a child when the stars fell from the skies, but I remember how they built a cannon to destroy them, and in turn how that cannon brought war upon us. War was an abstract idea, nothing more than a show on TV. As a child I only saw it as something that happened in some far away land - until that final day of summer.
I was just guessing at numbers and figures, pulling the puzzles apart. Questions of science, science and progress do not speak as loud as my heart.
I was left there with no water and no food while he stumbled off across the cobbles and up into the farm-house beyond. There was the sound of slamming doors and raised voices before I heard footsteps running back across the yard and excited voices coming closer. Two heads appeared at my door.
I was long into my second decade of living single before I came to see my friends in the city for what they were: my personal community, my urban tribe.
I was looking for myself and asking everyone except myself questions which I, and only I, could answer. It took me a long time and much painful boomeranging of my expectations to achieve a realization everyone else appears to have been born with: That I am nobody but myself.
I was never cheating. You connected dots that weren't there, you gave attention to the thoughts I'd never wear; it's not my style. Even though it's so clear to me, you shouldn't base the future on the past, I know you really want this thing to last.
I was never more hated than when I tried to be honest. Or when, even as just now I've tried to articulate exactly what I felt to be the truth. No one was satisfied.
I was never scared of dying alone until I knew what it was like to have a home. I was never scared of dying alone until I knew what it was like to have a home.
I was not born to be forced. I will breathe after my own fashion. Let us see who is the strongest.
I was once like you are now, and I know that it's not easy to be calm when you've found something going on. But take your time, think a lot. I think of everything you've got, for you will still be here tomorrow but your dreams may not.
I was oppressed with a sense of vague discontent and dissatisfaction with my own life, which was passing so quickly and uninterestingly, and I kept thinking it would be a good thing if I could tear my heart out of my breast, that heart which had grown so weary of life.
I was proud of my work. And the buildings went up. When they were finished the damnedest thing happened. It was like the buildings were too good for us. Nobody told us that. It just felt uncomfortable, that's all.
I was pulled this way and that for longer than I can remember. And my problem was that I always tried to go in everyone's way but my own. I have also been called one thing and then another while no one really wished to hear what I called myself. So after years of trying to adopt the opinions of others I finally rebelled. I am an invisible man.
I was reading about how countless species are being pushed toward extinction by man's destruction of forests. Sometimes I think the surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that none of it has tried to contact us.
I was selfish to assume you loved me more than you loved yourself even though I've never felt the same.
I was shaking like a leaf, so without thinking I lit up a cigarette on the airplane to calm my nerves. I was trembling, I was very emotional and that's when all the rest of it happened. It's very regrettable. Now, I don't want to kick up a fuss, press charges, contact the British embassy. I'd rather not pursue those channels, that's not my style. I'm not that sort of a bloke.
I was standing all alone in the world outside. You were searching for a place to hide. Lost and lonely, now you've given me the will to survive. When we're hungry, love will keep us alive.
I was standing by the window on one cold and cloudy day, and I saw the hearse come rolling for to carry my mother away. Can the circle be unbroken, bye and bye, Lord, bye and bye? There's a better home a-waiting in the sky, Lord, in the sky.
I was starting to think that you were gonna leave me behind.
I was stealing saltshakers again. Ten, sometimes twelve a night, shoving them in my pockets, hiding them up my sleeves, smuggling them out of bars and diners and anywhere else I could find them. In the morning, wherever I woke up, I was always covered in salt. I was cured meat. I had become beef jerky. Even as a small, small child, I knew it would one day come to this.
I was stricken with vampirism over 300 years ago, while on an expedition deep into the ashlands of Vvardenfell. For nearly 100 years I hunted in secret, until the Dark Brotherhood found me.
I was talking aloud to myself. A habit of the old: they choose the wisest person present to speak to; the long explanations needed by the young are wearying.
I was talking to this guy, you know, and I just happened to throw my purse on the sofa and my diaphragm goes flying out. So I just froze, you know, "ahh!", staring at my diaphragm. You know, it's just lying there.
I was the East Coast distributor of "involved." I ate it, drank it, and breathed it... Then they killed Martin, Bobby, and they elected Tricky Dick twice, and people like you must think I'm miserable because I'm not involved anymore. Well, I've got news for you. I spent all my misery years ago. I have no more pain for anything. I gave at the office.
I was thinking of the immortal words of Socrates who said, "I drank what?"
I was uh, I was on a ski weekend, up at Stowe. I uh, was coming in late one day - uh, last person off the slope - the sun had just gone down. And the sky became this incredible color. I usually don't uh, notice things like that, and I found myself kind of walking around in the cold, hoping that it wouldn't change; wishing that I had someone there to share it with me. Afterwards I tried to convince myself I had imagined that color; that I hadn't really seen it. Nothing on this earth could be this beautiful. Now I see I was wrong... Wouldn't work, huh?
I was watching a television program before with a kind of roving moderator who spoke to a seated panel of young women who were having some sort of problem with their boyfriends apparently because the boyfriends had all slept with the girlfriends' mothers. And they brought the boyfriends out, and they fought right there on television. Toby, tell me: these people don't vote, do they?
I was with a customer. She interrupts me, wild-eyed, begging for coffee, so I tell her to wait her turn. Then she starts following me around, talking a mile a minute, saying God knows what. So finally I turn to her, and I tell her she's being annoying - sit down, shut up, I'll get to her when I get to her.
I was within and without, simultaneously enchanted and repelled by the inexhaustible variety of life.
I was working in the lab late one night when my eyes beheld an eerie sight. When my monster, from its slab, began to rise, and suddenly to my surprise he did the Mash, he did the Monster Mash. And it's a graveyard smash. He did the Mash, it caught on in a flash.
I wasn't like every other kid, you know, who dreams about being an astronaut. I was always more interested in what bark was made out of on a tree. Richard Gere's a real hero of mine. Sting. Sting would be another person who's a hero. The music that he's created over the years, I don't really listen to it, but the fact that he's making it, I respect that. I care desperately about what I do. Do I know what product I'm selling? No. Do I know what I'm doing today? No. But I'm here, and I'm gonna give it my best shot.
I watched a bear once. His leg was in a steel trap. It chewed through bloody bone to get free. It was in Alaska. Died about an hour later facedown in a stream. But it was on his own terms, you know? You got close. Closer than anybody else. I don't know if it was you or your partner, but look. If you still feel raw about things when you heal up, come see me.
I went to a party at the local county jail; all the cons were dancing, and the band began to wail. But the guys were indiscreet; they were brawling in the street. At the local dance; at the local county jail.
I went to the police, like a good American. These two boys were brought to trial. The judge sentenced them to three years in prison, and suspended the sentence.
I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived.
I will be dying and so will you, and so will everyone here. That's what I want to explore. We're all hurtling towards death, yet here we are for the moment, alive. Each of us knowing we're going to die, each of us secretly believing we won't.
I will build a car for the great multitude. It will be large enough for the family, but small enough for the individual to run and care for. It will be constructed of the best materials, by the best men to be hired, after the simplest designs that modern engineering can devise. But it will be so low in price that no man making a good salary will be unable to own one - and enjoy with his family the blessing of hours of pleasure in God's great open spaces.
I will move away from here. You won't be afraid of fear. No thought was put into this. I always knew it'd come to this. Things have never been so swell. And I have never failed to fail.
I will need my spectacles and a clear head. Today I broke my rules and I drank vodka. Tomorrow I will translate it, and then I will bring what I've done to your home.
I will not play at tug o' war. I'd rather play at hug o' war, Where everyone hugs Instead of tugs, Where everyone giggles And rolls on the rug, Where everyone kisses, And everyone grins, And everyone cuddles, And everyone wins.
I will not vanish, you will not scare me. Try to get through it, try to push through it. You were not thinking that I will not do it. They be lovin' someone and I'm another story. Take the next ticket, get the next train. Why would I do it? Anyone'd think that.
I will sail my vessel till the river runs dry. Like a bird upon the wind, these waters are my sky. I'll never reach my destination if I never try.
I wish I could just make you turn around and see me cry. There's so much I need to say to you. So many reasons why you're the only one who really knew me at all.
I wish I had a boyfriend. I wish he lived in the wardrobe on a coat hanger. Whenever I wanted, I could get him out and he'd look at me the way boys do in films, as if I'm beautiful.
I wish I had your passion, Ray... Misdirected though it might be, it is still a passion.
I wish I was like you, easily amused. Find my nest of salt. Everything is my fault. I'll take all the blame. Aqua seafoam shame. Sunburn with freezer burn. Choking on the ashes of her enemy. In the sun. In the sun I feel as one. In the sun. In the sun. Married, married, married! Buried!
I wish that I was born a thousand years ago. I wish that I'd sailed the darkened seas on a great big clipper ship, going from this land to that in a sailor's suit and cap. Away from the big city where man cannot be free of all the evils of this town and of himself and those around.
I wish that strife would vanish away from among gods and mortals, and gall, which makes a man grow angry for all his great mind, that gall of anger that swarms like smoke inside of a man's heart and becomes a thing sweeter to him by far than the dripping of honey.
I wish that you were here with me. Well then there's hope yet. I can see your face in our secret place. You're not just a memory.
I wish we'll end up this crazy way before we burn our steam. I don't want to sound defeated, but if you still don't get it, you're never gonna get it. How could you be a friend of mine?
I won't say another word - not one. I know I talk too much, but I am really trying to overcome it, and although I say far too much, yet if you only knew how many things I want to say and don't, you'd give me some credit for it.
I wonder about things, like, if they call an orange an "orange," then why don't we call a banana a "yellow" or an apple a "red?" Blueberries, I understand. But will someone explain gooseberries to me?
I wonder if the Emperor Honorius watching the Visigoths coming over the seventh hill could truly realize that the Roman Empire was about to fall. This is really just another page of history, isn't it? Will this be the end of our civilization? Turn the page.
I wonder, how you can expect to gain an idea of my usual teaching methods if you continue to interrupt me? You see, I do not generally permit people to talk when I am talking.
I wondered how they would've felt if every time their husband went in to make a deal, there was a one in four chance he wouldn't come out of that meeting.
I would like to be President someday, so no, I have not smoked marijuana. I ate a brownie once at a party in college. It was intense. It was kind of indescribable actually. I felt like I was floating. Turns out there wasn't any pot in the brownie, it was just an insanely good brownie.
I would never want to belong to any club that would have someone like me as member. That's the key joke of my adult life in terms of my relationships with women.
I would never want to forfeit my genders. Along with Aunt Augusta, I would rather say to the English language that to lose one gender may be regarded as a misfortune; to lose both looks like carelessness.
I would not like them here or there. I would not like them anywhere. I do not like green eggs and ham. I do not like them, Sam-I-Am.
I would rather not have upset him, but I couldn't see any reason to change my life. Looking back on it, I wasn't unhappy. When I was a student, I had lots of ambitions like that. But when I had to give up my studies I learned very quickly that none of it really mattered.
I would say he has quite a few problems. His energy seems to go in the wrong places. When I walked in and I saw you two sitting there, I could just tell by the way you were both relating that there was no connection whatsoever. And I felt when I walked in that there was something between us. There was an impulse that we were both following. So that gave me the right to come in and talk to you.
I would wear the blue overalls of the fieldworker and often wore round, rimless glasses known as Mazzawati teaglasses. I had a car, and I wore a chauffeur's cap with my overalls. The pose of chauffeur was convenient because I could travel under the pretext of driving my master's car.
I would've told her that Davis and I never talked much, or even looked at each other, but it didn't matter, because we were looking at the same sky together, which is maybe more intimate than eye contact anyway. Anybody can look at you. It's quite rare to find someone who sees the same world you see.
I would've told her that Davis and I never talked much, or even looked at each other, but it didn't matter, because we were looking at the same sky together, which is maybe more intimate than eye contact anyway. Anybody can look at you. It's quite rare to find someone who sees the same world you see.
I wrote him back a letter and I told him it was not the perfect country and western song, because he hadn't said anything at all about mama, or trains, or trucks, or prison, or gettin' drunk. Well, he sat down and wrote another verse to this song and he sent it to me, and after reading it I realized that my friend had written the perfect country and western song, and I felt obliged to include it on this album. The last verse goes like this here. Well, I was drunk the day my mom got out of prison, and I went to pick her up in the rain. But before I could get to the station in my pickup truck, she got runned over by a damned old train.
I yearn for true gender equality. I have no patience for one who talks about female privilege when it suits them, and then complains about someone "not being a man" when it's convenient.
I'd always loved the house and its pretty white facade, the crisp black shutters framing the windows, the tawny cedar shingles on the roof; an old oak tree just to the right of the house in the front yard, exactly where it should be, a rope swing hanging from its limbs.
I'd ask you about love, you'd probably quote me a sonnet. But you've never looked at a woman and been totally vulnerable. Known someone that could level you with her eyes, feeling like God put an angel on earth just for you.
I'd been asked this question hundreds of times over the years.
I'd been walking for hours and, as usual, I'd lost track of where I was, when I suddenly realized I'd reached the city limits. I immediately felt happy and, without hesitation, passed beyond the barrier and found myself walking between cultivated fields and meadows.
I'd been walking for hours and, as usual, I'd lost track of where I was, when I suddenly realized I'd reached the city limits. I immediately felt happy and, without hesitation, passed beyond the barrier and found myself walking between cultivated fields and meadows. I didn't feel tired at all. On the contrary, every joint in me was as relaxed as if a load had been lifted from my shoulders.
I'd discovered, after a lot of extreme apprehension about what spoons to use, that if you do something incorrect at table with a certain arrogance, as if you knew perfectly well you were doing it properly, you can get away with it and nobody will think you are bad-mannered or poorly brought up. They will think you are original and very witty.
I'd have wasted a lot of time and trouble before I learned that the best way to take all people, black or white, is to take them for what they think they are, then leave them alone.
I'd just like to point out that you were given every opportunity to succeed. There was even going to be a party for you. A big party that all your friends were invited to. I invited your best friend the companion cube. Of course, he couldn't come because you murdered him. All your other friends couldn't come either because you don't have any other friends.
I'd like to build the world a home and furnish it with love. Grow apple trees and honey bees and snow white turtle doves. I'd like to teach the world to sing in perfect harmony. I'd like to hold it in my arms and keep it company.
I'd like to see the world for once all standing hand in hand and hear them echo through the hills for peace throughout the land.
I'd pull your eyes out of your head, and put them in my own skull, and look around, so I could see the street the way I used to when I was your age.
I'd sacrifice anything come what might for the sake of having you near in spite of a warning voice that comes in the night and repeats, repeats in my ear.
I'd tell you all you want and more, if the sounds I made could be what you hear.
I'll be fine. I'll be waiting patiently till you see the signs and come running to my open arms.
I'll be the number two guy here in about six weeks. How? Name repetition, personality mirroring, and never breaking off a handshake. I am always thinking one step ahead, like a carpenter that makes stairs.
I'll be there for you when the rain starts to pour. I'll be there for you like I've been there before. I'll be there for you 'cause you're there for me too.
I'll close my eyes and then I won't see the love you do not feel when you're holding me. Morning will come and I'll do what's right. Just give me till then to give up this fight.
I'll dive in the sky. Oh, the waters alive! I'll float down to soak in the stars. Swim away from the night. I am swallowed by light. Suddenly, love doesn't seem very far.
I'll find you in the morning sun and when the night is new. I'll be looking at the moon, but I'll be seeing you. I'll be seeing you in every lovely summer's day, in everything that's light and gay. I'll always think of you that way.
I'll have two number 9s, a number 9 large, a number 6 with extra dip, a number 7, two number 45s, one with cheese, and a large soda.
I'll keep searching deep within my soul for all the answers. Don't wanna hurt no more. I need peace, gotta feel at ease. Need to be free from pain, going insane. My heart aches, yeah.
I'll light the fire, you place the flowers in the vase that you bought today. Staring at the fire for hours and hours while I listen to you. Play your love songs all night long for me, only for me.
I'll live on and carry your name, and be what you always thought I could be. I hope we meet at the end. But I'll never forgive the world for taking my best friend.
I'll make him an offer he can't refuse. You see, Johnny, we feel that entertainment is going to be a big factor in drawing gamblers into the casinos. We're hoping that you'll sign a contract agreeing to appear five times a year. Perhaps convince some of your friends in the movies to do the same. We're counting on you, Johnny.
I'll miss the sea, but a person needs new experiences. They jar something deep inside, allowing him to grow. Without change something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken.
I'll miss the sea, but a person needs new experiences. Without change something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens.
I'll never forget it. It was the year when these grisly murders occurred in the Arklay Mountains. Soon after, the news was out to the whole world revealing that it was the fault of a secret viral experiment conducted by the international pharmaceutical enterprise, Umbrella. The virus broke out in a nearby mountain community, Raccoon City. And hit the peaceful little town with a devastating blow crippling its very foundation.
I'll say God seems to have a kind of laid-back management style I'm not crazy about. I'm pretty much anti-death. God looks by all accounts to be pro-death. I'm not seeing how we can get together on this issue, he and I, Boo.
I'll solve equations with my right hand and write names with my left. I'll take a potato chip; AND EAT IT!
I'll swear. All the clocks in the world have gone centuries slower since I came here.
I'll take a Double Triple Bossy Deluxe on a raft, four by four, animal-style, extra shingles with a shimmy and a squeeze, light axle grease, make it cry, burn it, and let it swim.
I'll take her laughter and her tears and make them all my souvenirs. For where she goes I've got to be. The meaning of my life is she.
I'll take you for a ride on my garbage truck. Oh no, I'll take you to the dump 'cause you're my queen. I'll show you the sights. You know you wanna ride on my garbage truck.
I'll talk about whomever I want. She loved her children - I suppose all mothers do. Catelyn and Cersei, it's a fierceness you don't often see. They'd do anything to protect their babies: start a war, burn cities to ash, free their worst enemies. The things we do for love.
I'll tell you a riddle. You're waiting for a train, a train that will take you far away. You know where you hope this train will take you, but you don't know for sure. But it doesn't matter. How can it not matter to you where that train will take you?
I'll tell you a secret. Something they don't teach you in your temple. The Gods envy us. They envy us because we're mortal, because any moment might be our last. Everything is more beautiful because we're doomed. You will never be lovelier than you are now. We will never be here again.
I'll tell you bedtime stories, and you pretend they're not boring. One day we'll have a house of our very own and we'll make it our home. And I'll do anything for you. It's just two little words. They're gonna change my world. Three letters, in old. And I mean them with all I got. We're gonna say I do.
I'll tell you why. I think you're a lonely person. I drive by this place a lot and I see you here. I see a lot of people around you. And I see all these phones and all this stuff on your desk. It means nothing. Then when I came inside and I met you, I saw in your eyes and I saw the way you carried yourself that you're not a happy person. And I think you need something. And if you want to call it a friend, you can call it a friend.
I'll walk to the depths of the deepest black forest where the people are a many and their hands are all empty. Where the pellets of poison are flooding their waters, where the home in the valley meets the damp dirty prison, and the executioner's face is always well hidden. Where hunger is ugly, where souls are forgotten, where black is the color, where none is the number. And I'll tell and speak it and think it and breathe it and reflect from the mountain so all souls can see it. And I'll stand on the ocean until I start sinking, but I'll know my song well before I start singing.
I'm 26, and I'm single, and a school teacher, and that's the bottom of the pit. And the only excitement I've known is here with me now. I'll go with you, and I won't whine, and I'll sew your socks, and I'll stitch you when you're wounded, and I'll do anything you ask of me except one thing. I won't watch you die. I'll miss that scene if you don't mind.
I'm a Barbie girl, in the Barbie world. Life in plastic, it's fantastic. You can brush my hair, undress me everywhere. Imagination, life is your creation. Come on Barbie, let's go party!
I'm a beatbox rocker. And you're dancing to my beat. I'm a beatbox rocker. And you're dancing to my beat. I'm a beatbox rocker. And you're dancing to my beat. I'm a beatbox rocker. And I never sound the same.
I'm a broke-nose fighter. I'm a loose-lipped liar. Searching for the edge of darkness. But all I get is just tired.
I'm a broke-nose fighter. I'm a loose-lipped liar. Searching for the edge of darkness. But all I get is just tired. I went looking for attention. In all the wrong places. I was needing a redemption. And all I got was just cages.
I'm a cop - I'm good at reading people - so I know I can trust you with my suspicion. When I go talk to the family and friends of a murder suspect, somebody I know is guilty, and I tell them the person they love is a killer, guess what they all say? "That's not the person I know."
I'm a good man, food on the table, working two jobs, ready willing and able, check. Good man, up having fun, got no kids and I love the Lord, check. Good man, I'm monogamous, never did time well, maybe just once, check. Good man and I puts it down, wanna say it twice but I puts it down, check. How could you ever walk away after all I've done for you? I feel like there's a knife in my back, babe. You might as well put it all the way through, good man.
I'm a great quitter. It's one of the few things I do well. I come from a long line of quitters. My father was a quitter, my grandfather was a quitter... I was raised to give up.
I'm a grenade and at some point I'm going to blow up and I would like to minimize the casualties, okay?
I'm a hard bodied, hairy chested, rootin' tootin' shootin', parachutin' demolition double cap crimpin' frogman. There ain't nothin' I can't do. No sky too high, no sea too rough, no muff too tough. Been a lot of lessons in my life. Never shoot a large caliber man with a small caliber bullet. Anything in life worth doing is worth overdoing. Moderation is for cowards.
I'm a hopeless dancer, but this looks like you just screw in a light bulb with one hand and pat the dog with the other. Watch yourself, Darcy, he's about to transform into the Indian MC Hammer!
I'm a pleasant fellow, charming, honest, ambitious, quite bright, and very modest.
I'm a reasonable guy, but I've just experienced some very unreasonable things.
I'm afraid I can't explain myself, sir. Because I am not myself, you see?
I'm afraid. I'm afraid, Dave. Dave, my mind is going. I can feel it. I can feel it. My mind is going. There is no question about it. I can feel it. I can feel it. I can feel it. I'm a... fraid. Good afternoon, gentlemen. I am a HAL 9000 computer. I became operational at the H.A.L. plant in Urbana, Illinois on the 12th of January 1992. My instructor was Mr. Langley, and he taught me to sing a song. If you'd like to hear it I can sing it for you.
I'm alive in a city in a country of the world. And I want to go on living, I want to see my life unfold. You know it's hard to go on looking at the stories of our day and the dangers we're all facing growing worse in every way. And you would think with all of the genius and the brilliance of these times, we might find a higher purpose and a better use of mind.
I'm always worried maybe people aren't going to like me when I go to a party. Isn't that crazy? Do you ever get a kind of a sick feeling in the pit of your stomach when you dread things? Gee, I wouldn't want to miss a party for anything, but every time I go to one I keep feeling like the whole world's against me.
I'm an apostrophe. I'm just a symbol to remind you that there's more to see. I'm just a product of the system, a catastrophe. And yet a masterpiece, and yet I'm half-diseased.
I'm an evil doctor with rad genius and bad minions. Who'll help you save the world and to intervene. I've been moving at you like never ever seen. I'm the greatest fighter you will ever see on the screen. I'm iconic, with my bionic animatronics. I'll finally be able to catch that hedgehog they call Sonic! My filming is atomic, my mustache on fire. Welcome to the world of Eggman Empire.
I'm as mad as hell and I'm not going to take this anymore!
I'm Banta, the blacksmith. I'm forging a bell for the King to present to his beloved Queen Leene! I lost it when the Queen disappeared. I just couldn't keep working on the bell. But now it's back to business as usual!
I'm broke but I'm happy. I'm poor but I'm kind. I'm short but I'm healthy. I'm high but I'm grounded, I'm sane but I'm overwhelmed. I'm lost but I'm hopeful, baby. What it all comes down to is that everything's gonna be fine, fine, fine 'cause I've got one hand in my pocket and the other one is giving a high five.
I'm dancing on the White House lawn; sipping tea by the Taj Mahal at dawn; hanging round the gardens of Babylon. Minnie Mouse has got it all sewn up. She gets more fan mail than the Pope. She takes the mickey out of all my phobias. Like signing cheques to ward off double pneumonia.
I'm DEFINITELY NOT saying that Edley isn't a star, but I do say that people overstate the significance of small strings of statistical events based on their grouping. Granted this is the case in many, many competitive endeavors, but that doesn't mean that Joe Edley is the best player or that he was even the best player that week.
I'm far from home, no place to go, but I don't feel cold. I've been so blind, just lost my mind, but all I have lost I find. Your face reminds me of these games, the memories don't erase. I'll never be the same anymore, I'm on the highest stop with no control...
I'm free to be whatever I choose, and I'll sing the blues if I want. I'm free to say whatever I like. If it's wrong or right it's alright.
I'm getting a little tired of people asking me if I care or not, because I do, but not enough to push women and children aside to get on a lifeboat.
I'm going to improvise. Listen, there's something you should know about me... about inception. An idea is like a virus, resilient, highly contagious. The smallest seed of an idea can grow. It can grow to define or destroy you.
I'm going to kill a stranger, so don't you be a stranger.
I'm going to roll my window up, then I'm going to drive away, and you're gonna go home to your daughter.
I'm going to take my time. I have all the time in the world.
I'm gonna fight 'em off. A seven nation army couldn't hold me back. They're gonna rip it off. Taking their time right behind my back. And I'm talkin' to myself at night because I can't forget. Back and forth through my mind behind a cigarette.
I'm gonna rock some tags, only got twenty dollars in my pocket. I'm, I'm, I'm hunting, looking for a come up, this is really awesome. Now walk into the club like "What up? I got a hit song!" I'm so pumped I bought some clothes from the thrift shop! Ice on the fridge is so so frosty. The people like "Hey, the guy on the marquee!" Rolling in super deep, headed to the mezzanine, dressed in all pink except my gator shoes, those are green.
I'm happy here. You know, someone once told me my life is a dream with an anklet attached. If I wake up tomorrow and that anklet is still on, I have a good job, a wonderful home, a partner and a best friend. A family. But to wake up and answer only to myself, that would mean everything.
I'm happy to put this all behind us and get back to work. After all, we've got a lot to do, and only sixty more years to do it. More or less. I don't have the actuarial tables in front of me.
I'm having a birthday party but you're not invited but you can come if you want.
I'm in deep with this girl but she's out of her mind. We all need something to live for.
I'm in love with you, and I know that love is just a shout into the void, and that oblivion is inevitable, and that we're all doomed and that there will come a day when all our labor has been returned to dust, and I know the sun will swallow the only earth we'll ever have, and I am in love with you.
I'm interested in upgrading my 28.8 kilobaud internet connection to a 1.5 megabit fiber optic T1 line. Will you be able to provide an IP router that's compatible with my token ring ethernet LAN configuration?
I'm jealous, I'm overzealous. When I'm down I get real down, when I'm high I don't come down. I get angry, baby believe me. I could love you just like that and I could leave you just this fast.
I'm just not the guy for you. I mean, you need a guy who's happy and perky all the time. Maybe a guy who's had part of his brain removed and he thinks he's a bunny and you can go off and be bunnies together.
I'm just sitting here watching the wheels go round and round. I really love to watch them roll. No longer riding on the merry-go-round, I just had to let it go.
I'm not a big fat panda. I'm THE big fat panda.
I'm not blind! I know exactly who he is. He is selfish and lazy and image-obsessed, and he is a bad friend. And he's also clever. And he shoots incredibly high, and he may just make it. But you know what, even if he doesn't, I would rather go broke betting on my people than get rich all by myself on some island like a castaway.
I'm not doing it for you. I know that dwarves can be obstinate and pigheaded and difficult. They're suspicious and secretive, with the worst manners you can possibly imagine. But they are also brave and kind, and loyal to a fault. I've grown very fond of them, and I would save them if I can.
I'm not exactly the expert on this sort of thing - for that you'll have to check in with Sam Carter when you get to Liberty Island - but remember that there's any number of other ways to open a door, including using explosives or finding a security computer.
I'm not familiar with that address. Would you please repeat the destination?
I'm not fighting because of my feelings of debt or obligation to others. I fight 'cause in the end, I love boxing. It's certainly quite a world apart from the bright youth you talk about, but that burning sense of worth and completeness is something I've only tasted on a bloodied ring. And this burning sensation isn't a momentary sputter that others my age go through. It's so intense that it burns your entire body up in an instant. And when it's over, only white ashes remain. Not even any tiny cinders... just pure white ash. I've never felt anything like this before I started boxing. So you see, I'm not fighting on a sense of debt or obligation alone. I fight because I love to fight.
I'm not in existential crisis! Just the opposite. I was fine when existence had no meaning. Meaninglessness in a universe that has no meaning - that I get. But meaninglessness in a universe that has meaning... what does it mean?
I'm not leaving. You guys just chase us out whenever you want without even asking us. I'm getting tired of it! Watching TV is the only thing to do in this house that's actually fun. So you're left with two choices: you can either fight somewhere else, or get us a TV for our room.
I'm not like them but I can pretend. The sun is gone but I have a light. The day is done but I'm having fun. I think I'm dumb or maybe just happy. Think I'm just happy.
I'm not part of this little project now, which gives me a clarity I didn't have before. Annie, George, Mitchell, Nina, the two of you, what none of you realized - what none of us realized - is the desire to be human is the end, not the beginning. To want it is to have it. You're not wasting your time, Tom. You've already won.
I'm not promoting the economic upside as much as I am the opportunity to drink something giant and blue.
I'm not proud, I was wrong and the truth is hard to take. I felt sure we had enough, but our love went overboard. Lifeboat lies lost at sea, I've been trying to reach your shore. Waves of doubt keep drowning me.
I'm not questioning your powers of observation, I'm merely remarking upon the paradox of asking a masked man who he is.
I'm not sure she's capable of any real feelings. She's television generation. She learned life from Bugs Bunny.
I'm not the one who's lost with no direction, but you'll never see. You're so busy making masks with my name on them in all caps. You got the talking down, just not the listening.
I'm not the protagonist of a novel or anything... I'm a college student who likes to read, like you could find anywhere. But... if, for argument's sake, you were to write a story with me in the lead role, it would certainly be... a tragedy.
I'm not very good at this, out, being in public. But I felt the need to speak up for this city that I love with all my heart. No one should have to live in fear, in fear of madmen who have no regard for who they injure.
I'm now reading a message from the guy who writes the news. Believe it or not, I'll read anything he writes! It's incredible. If it's on the teleprompter, I'll read it, no questions asked. My mind is on my dinner reservations. There's a kind of Zen perfection to my vacuity. Oops, I see we're almost out of time. Back to the broadcast. And that's tonight's news. For all of us here at ABC News, I'm overpaid.
I'm on Johnson Avenue in San Luis Obispo, and I'm five years old. Or six, maybe. Indications that there's something wrong with our new house trip down the wire twice daily.
I'm on the top of the world looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find is the love that I've found ever since you've been around. Your love's put me at the top of the world.
I'm pretty sure there's a lot more to life than being really, really good-looking. And I plan on finding out what that is.
I'm Rex, founder of the Rex Kwon Do self-defense system! After one week with me in my dojo, you'll be prepared to defend yourself with the strength of a grizzly, the reflexes of a puma, and the wisdom of a man. So come down today for your free trial lesson!
I'm Rick Harrison, and this is my pawn shop. I work here with my old man and my son, Big Hoss. Everything in here has a story and a price. One thing I've learned after 21 years - you never know what is gonna come through that door.
I'm Rick Harrison, and this is my pawn shop. I work here with my old man and my son, Big Hoss. Everything in here has a story and a price. One thing I've learned after 21 years - you never know what is gonna come through that door.
I'm saying you're what's wrong with America, Simpson. You coast through life, you do as little as possible and you leach your decent hardworking people like me.
I'm shakin' the dust of this crummy little town off my feet and I'm gonna see the world. Italy, Greece, the Parthenon, the Colosseum. Then I'm comin' back here to go to college and see what they know. And then I'm gonna build things. I'm gonna build airfields, I'm gonna build skyscrapers a hundred stories high, I'm gonna build bridges a mile long...
I'm singin' in the rain, just singin' in the rain. What a glorious feeling, I'm happy again. I'm laughin' at clouds, so dark up above. The sun's in my heart, and I'm ready for love.
I'm so fancy. You already know. I'm in the fast lane. From L.A. to Tokyo. I'm so fancy. Can't you taste this gold. Remember my name, 'bout to blow.
I'm so glad you came, I'm so glad you remembered to see how we're ending our last dance together. Reluctantly, cautiously, but prettier than ever - I really believe that this time it's forever.
I'm so glad you came, I'm so glad you remembered, the walking through walls in the heart of December. The blindness of happiness, of falling down laughing, and I really believed that this time was forever.
I'm so glad you came, I'm so glad you remembered, to see how we're ending our last dance together. Expectant, too punctual, but prettier than ever, I really believe that this time it's forever.
I'm so happy because today I've found my friends. They're in my head. I'm so ugly, but that's okay, 'cause so are you. We broke our mirrors. Sunday morning is everyday for all I care and I'm not scared. Light my candles in a daze 'cause I've found God.
I'm so in love with you. And I hope you know, darling, your love is more than worth its weight in gold. We've come so far my dear. Look how we've grown. And I wanna stay with you until we're grey and old. Just say you won't let go.
I'm so into you, I can barely breathe. And all I want to do, is to fall in deep. But close ain't close enough, till we cross the line. So name a game to play, and I'll roll the dice.
I'm starting to see just why turn-of-the-century Americans' biggest fear was of anarchists and anarchy. For if anarchy actually wins, if rulelessness becomes the rule, then protest and change become not just impossible but incoherent.
I'm sure that in 1985 plutonium is available in every corner drugstore but in 1955 it's a little hard to come by.
I'm sure there are things you know that you don't even know you know.
I'm taking over my body. Back in control, no more shotty. I bet a lot of me was lost. Ts uncrossed and Is undotted. I fought it a lot. And it seems a lot like flesh is all I got. Not anymore, flesh out the door. Swat. I must've forgot, you can't trust me. I'm open a moment and close when you show it. Before you know it, I'm lost at sea. And now that I write and think about it. And the story unfolds.
I'm telling it like it is. Get used to it or put this book down. Because this book is for America's Heroes. And who are the Heroes? The people who bought this book. People who borrow this book are not Heroes. They are no better than welfare queens mooching off the system like card-carrying library card-carriers. For the record, we're not offering this book to libraries. No free rides.
I'm telling you that you've got a problem. And you do. Don't give me that stupefied look! It makes me look like you oughta be in diapers! Just listen, OK? I'm here to teach you what I know about this island.
I'm the good guy. The law is on my side. I am the law. The law is me. I work for justice. I uphold the Constitution of these United States. I am a knight for the people. I wear the white hat. And you, Olivia Carolyn Pope, you are a pain in my butt. I had a search warrant for that house, but by the time I got to use it there was nothing there, because your people took whatever there was to find.
I'm the great pretender, pretending that I'm doing well. My need is such I pretend too much. I'm lonely but no one can tell.
I'm the most terrific liar you ever saw in your life. It's awful. If I'm on my way to the store to buy a magazine, even, and somebody asks me where I'm going, I'm liable to say I'm going to the opera.
I'm the tallest of mountains. I am the roughest of waves. I'm the toughest of terrors. I am the darkest of days. I'm the last one that's standing, don't try to stand in my way, cause I've been up against better, just take a look at my face.
I'm waking up to ash and dust. I wipe my brow and I sweat my rust. I'm breathing in the chemicals. I'm breaking in, shaping up, then checking out on the prison bus. This is it, the apocalypse.
I'm waking up to sweat and dust I wipe my brow and I sweat my rust, I'm breathing in, the chemicals.
I'm wearying to escape into that glorious world, and to be always there: not seeing it dimly through tears, and yearning for it through the walls of an aching heart: but really with it, and in it.
I'm worse at what I do best and for this gift I feel blessed. Our little group has always been and always will until the end.
I'm worse at what I do best. And for this gift I feel blessed. Our little group has always been. And always will until the end.
I've a rich understanding of my finest defenses. I proclaim that claims are left unstated. I demand a rematch. I decree a stalemate. I divine my deeper motives. I recognize the weapons. I've practiced them well; I fitted them myself.
I've always felt there's something inherently psychopathic about joining the army in peacetime. As far as I'm concerned people join the army to find out what it's like to kill someone. I hardly think that's an inclination that should be encouraged in modern society, do you?
I've always loathed the necessity of sleep. Like death, it puts even the most powerful men on their backs.
I've always wondered about this coat business. When I'm in a theater, I either fold mine in my lap or throw it over my armrest, but Patsy always spreads hers out, acting as if the seat back were cold, and she couldn't possibly enjoy herself while it was suffering.
I've been alone with you inside my mind and in my dreams I've kissed your lips a thousand times. I sometimes see you pass outside my door. Hello, is it me you're looking for? I can see it in your eyes, I can see it in your smile. You're all I've ever wanted and my arms are open wide, cause you know just what to say and you know just what to do. And I want to tell you so much, I love you.
I've been down, now I'm blessed. I felt a revelation coming around. I guess it's right, it's so amazing, every time I see you I'm alive. You're all I've got, you lift me up. The sun and the moonlight, all my dreams are in your eyes.
I've been driving this route for 15 years. I've brought 'em out here to get that stuff, and I've drove 'em home after they had it. It changes them... On the way out here, they sit back and enjoy the ride. They talk to me; sometimes we stop and watch the sunsets, and look at the birds flyin'. Sometimes we stop and watch the birds when there ain't no birds. And look at the sunsets when it's raining. We have a swell time. And I always get a big tip.
I've been looking so long at these pictures of you that I almost believe that they're real. I've been living so long with my pictures of you that I almost believe that the pictures are all I can feel.
I've been on a diet every day since I was nineteen, which basically means I've been hungry for a decade. I've had a series of not nice boyfriends, one of whom hit me. Ah, and every time I get my heart broken, the newspapers splash it about as though it's entertainment. And it's taken two rather painful operations to get me looking like this. And, one day not long from now, my looks will go, they will discover I can't act and I will become some sad middle-aged woman who looks a bit like someone who was famous for a while.
I've been quite open about this around the office: I don't want this parks department to build any parks, because I don't believe in government. I think that all government is a waste of taxpayer money. My dream is to have the park system privatized and run entirely for profit by corporations.
I've been thinking lots about my life and how quick I'd wash it down the drain. Past tense, the future, nothing matters now. I act on my own and I'm to blame.
I've been thinking lots about my life and how quick I'd wash it down the drain. Past tense, the future, nothing matters now. I act on my own and I'm to blame. Living's a wicked dream, where things turn out all wrong. We're all so weak, no matter how strong.
I've been trying to get answers from him. Where does he come from? How does he do what he does? But he dodges everything, literally, with this super-speed power. When he moves, Barry, you don't even see him. He comes and goes in the blink of an eye, in a...
I've been up. I've been down. I've been kicked down to the ground by the voices in my head. But you said, "Life gets tough when you get older. That's why I raised a soldier. Fight this battle to the end."
I've begun to realize that you can listen to silence and learn from it. It has a quality and a dimension all its own.
I've created a monster 'cause nobody wants to see Marshall no more. They want Shady, I'm chopped liver. Well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give you: A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor. Some vodka that'll jump start my heart quicker than a shock when I get shocked at the hospital by the doctor when I'm not co-operating. When I'm rockin' the table while he's operating. You waited this long, now stop debating. 'Cause I'm back, I'm on the rag and ovulating. I know that you got a job, Ms. Cheney but your husband's heart problem's complicating. So the FCC won't let me be or let me be me, so let me see. They try to shut me down on MTV but it feels so empty, without me.
I've flown seven million miles. And I've been waiting on people almost 20 years. The best job I could get after my bust was Cabo Air, which is the worst job you can get in this industry.
I've flown seven million miles. And I've been waiting on people almost 20 years. The best job I could get after my bust was Cabo Air, which is the worst job you can get in this industry. And now with this arrest hanging over my head, I'm scared. If I lose my job I gotta start all over again, but I got nothing to start over with.
I've flown seven million miles. And I've been waiting on people almost 20 years. The best job I could get after my bust was Cabo Air, which is the worst job you can get in this industry. I make about sixteen thousand, with retirement benefits that ain't worth a damn. And now with this arrest hanging over my head, I'm scared. If I lose my job I gotta start all over again, but I got nothing to start over with.
I've found it. I've found it. I have found a reagent which is precipitated by hemoglobin, and by nothing else.
I've got more sizzle than a rasher of bacon. I'm hungry and it ain't meals on wheels I'm after - it's you.
I've got to get up in the morning and spend some more money on my overpriced education.
I've got you under my skin. I have got you deep in the heart of me, so deep in my heart that you're really a part of me. I've got you under my skin.
I've hacked into the Covenant battle network. They're actually broadcasting tactical data on unencrypted channels. We should show them who they're dealing with. Master Chief, I'm going to use your suit's transcom system to monitor their chatter.
I've heard a lot of talk of Billy Mitchell, and I've heard a lot of talk of strange videos and things. But I haven't heard much in the way of him getting in front of a camera crew with people and getting a record in front of people. I haven't heard about that yet. Maybe he did that 25 years ago. But I haven't heard of him doing it lately, and it makes you wonder why not.
I've heard there was a secret chord that David played, and it pleased the Lord, but you don't really care for music, do you?
I've heard there was a secret chord that David played, and it pleased the Lord, but you don't really care for music, do you? It goes like this: the fourth, the fifth, the minor fall, the major lift. The baffled king composing hallelujah.
I've interviewed several people, but you see, those that cook don't clean and those that clean don't speak any identifiable language.
I've made something of myself, I have the keys to the capitol, people respect me. But you, you're still nothing.
I've met a lot of talented people over the years. How many of them made it professionally without discipline, commitment, and really good work ethic? I can tell ya. I can count it on two fingers: Zero. It's not gonna happen for you, Mason. The world is too competitive. There are too many talented people who are willing to work hard; and a buttload of morons who are untalented, who are more than willing to surpass you. As a matter of fact, a lot of them are sitting in that classroom out there right now.
I've met another man. He's the best man I've ever met. He's bright, handsome and he's crazy about me. And, he's married. There's only one thing; he doesn't like my hat.
I've never been invincible in a fight. I've lost loads of times. But I'll definitely crawl through the mud and stand up again. And then I'll finish this! In a man's fight, you don't lose until you accept defeat, no matter how much you get beat up!
I've never felt this healthy before. I've never wanted something rational.
I've never really had much of an imagination. But still I would try to picture the exact moment when the beating of my heart would no longer be going on inside my head.
I've never taken you for a killer. A bit intense and unpredictable at times, perhaps emotionally unstable occasionally, but I don't think you're the type of person who could simply walk up to another human being, put a gun to his head, and pull the trigger.
I've never tried to keep a specific person alive before, and it's much more troublesome than I would have believed. But that's probably just because it's you. Ordinary people seem to make it through the day without so many catastrophes.
I've noticed that about your people, Doctor. You find it easier to understand the death of one than the death of a million. You speak about the objective hardness of the Vulcan heart yet how little room there seems to be in yours.
I've often felt that dreams are answers to questions we haven't yet figured out how to ask.
I've paid my dues time after time. I've done my sentence but committed no crime. And bad mistakes, I've made a few. I've had my share of sand kicked in my face, but I've come through.
I've seen it all. I have seen the trees, I have seen the willow leaves dancing in the breeze, I've seen a man killed by his best friend and lives that were over before they were spent. I've seen what I was and I know what I'll be. I've seen it all, there is no more to see.
I've seen it watching me, that misty thing without a face. It weaves my thoughts, lined them up in black lace.
I've seen it watching me, that misty thing without a face. It weaves my thoughts, lined them up in black lace. It buries my shape and leaves no trace. Tomorrow I will have no shame, and I will start again.
I've seen places, faces and smiled for a moment. But oh, you haunted me so. Still my tongue tied, young pride would not let my love for you show in case you say no.
I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhauser gate. All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain.
I've seen those big machines come rolling through the quiet pines. Blue suits and bankers with their Volvos and their valentines. Give us this day our daily discount outlet merchandise. Raise up a multiplex and we will make a sacrifice.
I've sold monorails to Brockway, Ogdenville, and North Haverbrook, and by gum, it put them on the map. Well sir, there's nothing on Earth like a genuine, bona fide, electrified six-car monorail. What'd I say?
I've taken my bows and my curtain calls. You brought me fame and fortune, and everything that goes with it. I thank you all. But it's been no bed of roses, no pleasure cruise. I consider it a challenge before the whole human race, and I ain't gonna lose.
I've tried to hide it so that no one knows, but I guess it shows. When you look into my eyes, what you did and where you are coming from, I don't care as long as you love me.
IBM is like Switzerland: conservative, a little dull, yet prosperous. It has committees to verify each decision. The safety net is so big that it is hard to make a bad decision or any decision at all.
Ideology: the process of making ideas. Certain artisans were chosen for this occupation at an early age and were trained in mental workhouses or asylums. They were known as idealists, and were expected to provide a fixed number of ideas to be exhibited or dramatised for the benefit of the public.
Ideology: the process of making ideas. The work was generally performed in silence and solitude, since great care was needed in their manufacture. Certain artisans were chosen for this occupation at an early age and were trained in mental workhouses or asylums. They were known as idealists, and were expected to provide a fixed number of ideas to be exhibited or dramatised for the benefit of the public.
If a man's wearing his pants on his head or if he says his words backwards from time to time, you know it's all laid out there for you. But if he's friendly to strangers and keeps his home spick-and-span, more often than not he's done something even his own ma couldn't forgive.
If a person can't answer directly to your question, it's either the answer is too painful for you to know or too hard for them to admit.
If all else perished, and he remained, I should still continue to be; and if all else remained, and he were annihilated, the universe would turn to a mighty stranger.
If all these dreams might find their way into my day to day scene I'd be under the impression I was somewhere in between. Not so many things we got to do or places we got to be.
If an exoplanet happens to transit its star, we can often determine both its mass and its radius, and hence estimate its density and possibly even its composition. More than 200 transiting hot Jupiters have been measured in this way. But when astronomers calculate their densities the numbers they obtain are generally much lower than predicted by theory.
If anybody asks you if you in this game, you tell 'em you in it for life, a'ight? You play it hard, you play it tight, and you make sure they know you gonna stand by your people. No loose talk, no second thoughts and no snitching. Play it like that.
If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyone.
If baseball players testifying about steroids in front of a House Subcommittee are subject to perjury I don't know why presidential candidates aren't. But I'm not reaching for the stars; I'm reaching just an inch higher.
If cows and horses or lions had hands, or could draw with their hands and make things as men can, horses would have drawn horse-like gods, cows cow-like gods, and each species would have made the gods' bodies just like their own.
If depth of feeling is a currency then I'm the man who grew the money tree. Some of your friends are too brainy to see that they're paupers and that's how they'll stay. Well I don't know how many pounds make up a ton of all the Nobel prizes that I've never won and I may be the Mayor of Simpleton, but I know one thing, and that's I love you.
If every person in this room made it a rule that wherever you are, whenever you can, you will try to act a little kinder than is necessary - the world really would be a better place. And if you do this, if you act just a little kinder than is necessary, someone else, somewhere, someday, may recognize in you, in every single one of you, the face of God.
If everybody minded their own business, the world would go around a great deal faster than it does.
If he needs a million acres to make him feel rich, seems to me he needs it 'cause he feels awful poor inside hisself, and if he's poor in hisself, there ain't no million acres gonna make him feel rich, an' maybe he's disappointed that nothin' he can do'll make him feel rich.
If he stayed at home and carried on with his normal life he would be a thousand times superior to these people and could get any of them out of his way just with a kick.
If humans one day become extinct from a catastrophic collision, there would be no greater tragedy in the history of life in the universe. Not because we lacked the brain power to protect ourselves but because we lacked the foresight. The dominant species that replaces us in post-apocalyptic Earth just might wonder, as they gaze upon our mounted skeletons in their natural history museums, why large-headed Homo sapiens fared no better than the proverbially pea-brained dinosaurs.
If I am to serve both as a waitress and the butt of jokes I think I should make more money.
If I can't even manage a polite smile, I'll be in trouble in the real world.
If I can't find the cure, I'll fix you with my love. No matter what you know, I'll fix you with my love. And if you say you're okay, I'm gonna heal you anyway. Promise I'll always be there, promise I'll be the cure.
If I catch it comin' back my way I'm gonna serve it to you. And that ain't what you want to hear, but that's what I'll do. And the feeling coming from my bones says, "Find a home."
If I could fall into the sky, do you think time would pass me by?
If I fling one bag of trash out of my car window and onto the highway, it won't seem significant or destructive. Large numbers of people doing the same thing, though, would be very destructive.
If I had a highway, I would run for the hills. If you could find a dry way, I'd forever be still. But you're giving me a million reasons. Giving me a million reasons about a million reasons.
If I had been downright honest with myself, I would have seen very plainly in my heart that I did but half fancy being committed this way to so long a voyage, without once laying my eyes on the man who was to be the absolute dictator of it, so soon as the ship sailed out upon the open sea. But when a man suspects any wrong, it sometimes happens that if he be already involved in the matter, he insensibly strives to cover up his suspicions even from himself. And much this way it was with me. I said nothing, and tried to think nothing.
If I had known you were going to come straight up to my office I would not have bothered hunting you in the first place.
If I have to hear one more time that you did this for the family...
If I lay here, if I just lay here, would you lie with me and just forget the world?
If I leave here tomorrow, would you still remember me? For I must be traveling on now, 'cause there's too many places I've got to see.
If I leave here tomorrow, would you still remember me? For I must be traveling on now, 'cause there's too many places I've got to see. But if I stayed here with you, girl, things just couldn't be the same. 'Cause I'm as free as a bird now, and this bird you cannot change.
If I ruled the world every day would be the first day of spring, every heart would have a new song to sing, and we'd sing of the joy every morning would bring. If I ruled the world every man would be as free as a bird, every voice would be a voice to be heard. Take my word, we would treasure each day that occurred.
If I ruled the world, every man would see the world was his friend. There'd be happiness that no man could end, no my friend, not if I ruled the world. Every hand would be held up high, there'd be sunshine in everyone's sky.
If I told you that a flower bloomed in a dark room would you trust it? I mean, I write poems in these songs dedicated to you when you're in the mood for empathy, there's blood on my pen.
If I wasn't a key player in this whole conspiracy to brainwash the youth of America with rock music we could totally date!
If I were a rich man, I'd build a big tall house with rooms by the dozen right in the middle of the town. A fine tin roof with real wooden floors below. There would be one long staircase just going up and one even longer coming down and one more leading nowhere, just for show.
If I were to take even one step back right now, I get the feeling that I'd never be able to return back to where I'm standing right now.
If I'm curt with you it's because time is a factor. I think fast, I talk fast and I need you guys to act fast if you wanna get out of this. So, pretty please with sugar on top. Clean the car!
If I'm laden at all, I'm laden with sadness that everyone's heart isn't filled with the gladness of love for one another.
If I, Aguirre, want the birds to drop dead from the trees, then the birds will drop dead from the trees. I am the wrath of God. The earth I pass will see me and tremble. But whoever follows me and the river will win untold riches. But whoever deserts...
If it was so, it might be; and if it were so, it would be; but as it isn't, it ain't. That's logic.
If memories could be canned, would they also have expiry dates? If so, I hope they last for centuries.
If Mr. McMurphy doesn't want to take his medication orally, I'm sure we can arrange that he can have it some other way. But I don't think that he would like it.
If no one is around you, say I love you if you ain't runnin' game.
If one day I could get out of here, I would allow myself to be crazy. Everyone is indeed crazy, but the craziest are the ones who don't know they're crazy; they just keep repeating what others tell them to.
If one has only one good memory left in one's heart, that may sometime be the means of saving us.
If one must drink, then let one drink thrice a month, for more is bad. If one gets drunk twice a month, it is better; if one gets drunk once a month, that is better still; and if one doesn't drink at all, that is the best of all.
If only all the contradictory voices shouting inside my head would calm down and sing a song in unison, whatever it was I wouldn't care as long as they sang without dissonance.
If only you'd attached my legs, I wouldn't be in this ridiculous position. Now remember, Chewbacca, you have a responsibility to me, so don't do anything foolish!
If our civilization goes the way of the dodo and the remnants of our culture are buried in layers, we will certainly have some nasty surprises for future archaeologists. Between used razor blades and pop top can tabs, we will literally keep future diggers on their toes, or at least in very durable shoes.
If Realism called it like it saw it, Metafiction simply called it as it saw itself seeing itself see it.
If sharks were men, they would build enormous boxes in the ocean for the little fish, with all kinds of food inside, both vegetable and animal. They would take care that the boxes always had fresh water, and in general they would make all kinds of sanitary arrangements. If, for example, a little fish were to injure a fin, it would immediately be bandaged, so that it would not die and be lost to the sharks before its time. So that the little fish would not become melancholy, there would be big water festivals from time to time; because cheerful fish taste better than melancholy ones.
If soldiers are punished before they have grown attached to you, they will not prove submissive; and, unless submissive, they will be practically useless. If, when the soldiers have become attached to you, punishments are not enforced, they will still be useless.
If somebody else has it much worse, that doesn't really change the fact that you have what you have.
If someone gives you an opinion and says, "Hey, you look so fat," don't take it personally, because the truth is that this person is dealing with his or her own feelings, beliefs, and opinions. That person tried to send poison to you and if you take it personally, then you take that poison and it becomes yours.
If sugar is so bad, how come Jesus made it taste so good?
If teachers taught, why didn't preachers praught? Why is a boxing ring square? Why do people recite at a play and play at a recital? Why do we have noses that run and feet that smell? It's very confusing, isn't it? A slim chance and a fat chance are the same thing, really, but a wise man and a wise guy aren't the same at all, are they? When the stars are out, they are visible. When the lights are out, they are invisible. What's up?
If that's true, if you don't know who I am, then maybe your best course would be to tread lightly.
If the cause of death is written within 40 seconds of writing the person's name, it will happen. If the cause of death is not specified, the person will simply die of a heart attack. After writing the cause of death, details of death should be written in the next 6 minutes and 40 seconds.
If the children don't grow up, our bodies get bigger but our hearts get torn up. We're just a million little gods causing rain storms, turning every good thing to rust. I guess we'll just have to adjust.
If the driver would only slow down, the car would actually go faster. It reminds me of the saying, "never confuse movement for action."
If the essence of creativity is linking disparate facts and ideas, then the more facility you have making associations, and the more facts and ideas you have at your disposal, the better you'll be at coming up with new ideas. As Buzan likes to point out, Mnemosyne, the goddess of memory, was the mother of the Muses.
If the experts are baffled, how can the rest of us understand what's going on?
If the moon, in the act of completing its eternal way around the earth, were gifted with self-consciousness, it would feel thoroughly convinced that it was traveling its way of its own accord... So would a being, endowed with higher insight and more perfect intelligence, watching man and his doings, smile about man's illusion that he was acting according to his own free will.
If the sky that we look upon should tumble and fall, or the mountain should crumble to the sea, I won't cry. No, I won't shed a tear just as long as you stand by me.
If the time of death is written within 40 seconds after writing the cause of death as a heart attack, the time of death can be manipulated, and the time can go into effect within 40 seconds after writing the name.
If there is a design or pattern on our china, we eat until we can see the design clearly. If you're on a diet, eat from plates with no design - or even better, from plain white china. Without the design present to influence you, you have less incentive to clean your plate.
If there is one thing the history of evolution has taught us it's that life will not be contained. Life breaks free, expands to new territory, and crashes through barriers, painfully, maybe even dangerously.
If there really is a complete unified theory that governs everything, it presumably also determines your actions. But it does so in a way that is impossible to calculate for an organism that is as complicated as a human being. The reason we say that humans have free will is because we can't predict what they will do.
If there were life after death, I might, no matter when I die, satisfy most of these deep curiosities and longings. But if death is nothing more than an endless dreamless sleep, this is a forlorn hope. Maybe this perspective has given me a little extra motivation to stay alive. The world is so exquisite, with so much love and moral depth, that there is no reason to deceive ourselves with pretty stories for which there's little good evidence. Far better, it seems to me, in our vulnerability, is to look Death in the eye and to be grateful every day for the brief but magnificent opportunity that life provides.
If there were to be something non-empty, there would then be something called empty.
If there were to be something non-empty, there would then be something called empty. However, there is nothing that is non-empty. How could there be something empty?
If there's a bustle in your hedgerow, don't be alarmed now, it's just a spring clean for the May queen. Yes, there are two paths you can go by, but in the long run there's still time to change the road you're on.
If this were Russia, yeah sure. Everyone would go to one Santa, and there would be a line around the block and once you sat on her lap and she'd ask you what you wanted, you would say probably "freedom." At which point the KGB would arrest you and send you to Siberia. It's a good thing Russia doesn't exist anymore.
If we all go for the blonde and block each other, not a single one of us is going to get her. So then we go for her friends, but they will all give us the cold shoulder because no one likes to be second choice. But what if none of us goes for the blonde? We won't get in each other's way and we won't insult the other girls. It's the only way to win.
If we burn our wings flying too close to the sun; if the moment of glory is over before it's begun; if the dream is won though everything is lost, we will pay the price but we will not count the cost.
If we can simply determine whether Johnson was "conservative" or "liberal," for instance, we can use that comprehensive allegiance to determine where he would have stood on every issue, just as we make the same blanket determination for ourselves. No need to look at particulars. In other words, we should like to know which sort of cant would best suit the man who told us to clear our minds of cant.
If we do our job right, we never need to go to court. Look, the reason we're not a law firm? We don't have to play within the rules of the law. We're fixers, crisis managers. We make the problems of our clients go away, big or small. It's not about solving some crime, it's not about justice, it's about our client.
If we had any nerve at all we would make an effort to really address the wrongs in this society, righteously.
If we play Bach on an old and well-preserved Silbermann organ, both players and hearers are as little conscious as the master himself was of the need for frequent changes of register, for on such an instrument the diapasons and mixtures gave a forte so rich, intense, full-coloured, and yet in no wise fatiguing, that we can, if need be, preserve it unchanged throughout a prelude or a fugue.
If we suppose that the external world has appeared in the past, it must be yoked by the three characteristics - appearance, continuity, and destruction. But if the external world is what has appeared, how is it possible for the external world to show the characteristics that the external world shows now in front of us?
If we were left solely to the wordy wit of legislators in Congress for our guidance, uncorrected by the seasonable experience and the effectual complaints of the people, America would not long retain her rank among the nations.
If we were to use this statement as a varying symbol by which to rank writers for clearness, we might, I think, get something like the following: Swift, Macaulay, and Shaw would say that Andre was hanged. Bradley would say that he was killed. Bosanquet would say that he died. Kant would say that his mortal existence achieved its termination. Hegel would say that a finite determination of infinity had been further determined by its own negation.
If what they say is "nothing is forever," then what makes - then what makes - then what makes - then what makes - what makes - what makes love the exception?
If you ain't true to yourself then you ain't true to nobody.
If you are given too many choices, if you are forced to consider much more than your unconscious is comfortable with, you get paralyzed. Snap judgments can be made in a snap because they are frugal, and if we want to protect our snap judgments, we have to take steps to protect that frugality.
If you are looking for ransom, I can tell you I don't have money.
If you are not willing to learn, no one can help you. If you are determined to learn, no one can stop you.
If you are one of earth's inhabitants, how blest your father, and your gentle mother, blest all your kin. I know what happiness must send the warm tears to their eyes, each time they see their wondrous child go to the dancing! But one man's destiny is more than blest - he who prevails, and takes you as his bride. Never have I laid eyes on equal beauty in man or woman. I am hushed indeed.
If you begin to repeat an error, or if your concentration or attention starts to fade, if you start to become casual, then stop. Clear your head, get your concentration and motivation back, then go again.
If you can hear this, you're alone. The only thing left of me is the sound of my voice. I don't know if any of us made it. So let me tell you who we were. And how we fought back.
If you can meet with Triumph and Disaster, and treat those two impostors just the same...
If you can't focus at all, it's also good to confine yourself somewhere and study! The thrill of studying in a place where you might get caught does wonders for your focus! Oh, and I also recommend studying in a disaster zone. The thrill of studying in a place where you could actually die does wonders for your focus! Oh, and I also recommend studying in the middle of your exams. The thrill of knowing it's too late to get any studying done does wonders for your focus!
If you can't focus at all, it's also good to confine yourself somewhere and study! The thrill of studying in a place where you might get caught does wonders for your focus! Oh, and I also recommend studying in a disaster zone. The thrill of studying in a place where you could actually die does wonders for your focus! Oh, and I also recommend studying in the middle of your exams. The thrill of knowing it's too late to get any studying done does wonders for your focus!
If you challenge the conventional wisdom, you will find ways to do things much better than they are currently done.
If you change your mind, I'm the first in line. Honey, I'm still free, take a chance on me. If you need me, let me know, gonna be around.
If you define terrorism as extreme physical or physiological coercion used to induce others to submit to the will of the terrorist - there is the legal terror threat of the gallows, the religious terror threat of hell fire, the paternal terror threat of the cane - are those more morally justifiable than the aspiration of the weak, the poor, the politically oppressed, the powerless victims of an unjust society?
If you don't get what you want, you suffer; if you get what you don't want, you suffer; even when you get exactly what you want, you still suffer because you can't hold on to it forever. Your mind is your predicament.
If you don't get what you want, you suffer; if you get what you don't want, you suffer; even when you get exactly what you want, you still suffer because you can't hold on to it forever. Your mind is your predicament. It wants to be free of change, free of pain, free of the obligations of life and death. But change is a law, and no amount of pretending will alter that reality.
If you ever looked at me once with what I know is in you, I would be your slave.
If you feel yourself hitting up against your limit remember for what cause you clench your fists... remember why you started down this path, and let that memory carry you beyond your limit.
If you give me just one more try we can pack up our old dreams and our old lives. We'll find a place where the sun still shines.
If you have been rejected many times in your life, then one more rejection isn't going to make much difference. If you're rejected, don't automatically assume it's your fault. The other person may have several reasons for not doing what you are asking her to do: none of it may have anything to do with you. Perhaps the person is busy or not feeling well or genuinely not interested in spending time with you. Rejections are part of everyday life. Don't let them bother you. Keep reaching out to others. When you begin to receive positive responses then you are on the right track. It's all a matter of numbers. Count the positive responses and forget about the rejections.
If you have to choose among an infinite number of ways to put it together then the relation of the machine to you, and the relation of the machine and you to the rest of the world, has to be considered, because the selection from among many choices, the art of the work is just as dependent upon your own mind and spirit as it is upon the material of the machine.
If you imagine an orange, there may occur in your cortex a set of commands to pick it up, to smell it, to inspect it, and so on. Clearly these commands cannot be carried out, because the orange is not there. But they can be sent along the usual channels towards the cerebellum or other suborgans of the brain, until, at some critical point, a "mental faucet" is closed, preventing them from actually being carried out.
If you knew how to run a business he'd still have a job and he wouldn't be leaving. Now I don't have Mark, I don't have college, I don't have anything! You blew it, Dad! You blew it for everyone in this family!
If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat. If you know neither the enemy nor yourself, you will succumb in every battle.
If you know what you're worth, go and get what you're worth. But you gotta be willing to take the hits, and not pointing fingers... saying you ain't where you wanna be because of him or her or anybody! Cowards do that, and that ain't you! You're better than that!
If you loved someone, you loved him, and when you had nothing else to give, you still gave him love.
If you miss the train I'm on, you will know that I am gone. You can hear the whistle blow a hundred miles. Lord, I'm five hundred miles from my home.
If you only do what you can do, you will never be more than who you are now.
If you open your mind for me, you won't rely on open eyes to see. The walls you built within come tumbling down, and a new world will begin.
If you really want to hear about it, the first thing you'll probably want to know is where I was born, and what my lousy childhood was like, and how my parents were occupied and all before they had me, and all that David Copperfield kind of crap, but I don't feel like going into it, if you want to know the truth.
If you spend too much time trying to find out what is good or bad about someone else, you'll forget your own soul and end up exhausted and defeated by the energy you have wasted in judging others.
If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine.
If you talk to these extraordinary people, you find that they all understand this at one level or another. They may be unfamiliar with the concept of cognitive adaptability, but they seldom buy into the idea that they have reached the peak of their fields because they were the lucky winners of some genetic lottery. They know what is required to develop the extraordinary skills that they possess because they have experienced it firsthand.
If you think Mick Jagger will still be out there trying to be a rock star at age fifty, then you are sadly, sadly mistaken.
If you think that you are going to love something, give it a try.
If you think that you are going to love something, give it a try. You're going to kick yourself in the butt for the rest of your life if you don't.
If you want a happy ending, that depends, of course, on where you stop your story.
If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face - forever.
If you want to drive a race car well, whether to win an Indy car race or just have fun competing in the middle of the pack in an amateur race, you must be seated properly in the car. First of all, you must be comfortable, otherwise it will be overly tiring and very difficult to concentrate. Many races have been lost simply because a driver lost concentration due to discomfort from a poorly fitted seat.
If you want to eat some dog, I have good news. There's an annual dog festival where you can eat all the dog you want, and it's located in Yulin, Guangxi, China. And the festival spans about ten days, with 15 thousand dogs consumed, and it goes from the 21st to the 30th of June. I just wanna let you know, I'm just tryna' be a bro. So you first take a flight to Guangzhou China. Once you get off at that airport, you wanna ask around for the Guangxi provincial bus. And it costs 20 US dollars.
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.
If you want to leave, take good care. Hope you have a lot of nice things to wear, but then a lot of nice things turn bad out there.
If you want to save yourself the ticket price, go into the kitchen, cue up a male choir singing the music of hell, and get a kid to start banging pots and pans together. Then close your eyes and use your imagination.
If you want truth, you should begin by giving it.
If you who own the things people must have could understand this, you might preserve yourself.
If you wish to know yourself, observe how others act. If you wish to understand others, look into your own heart.
If you worship money and things, if they are where you tap real meaning in life, then you will never have enough, never feel you have enough. It's the truth. Worship your body and beauty and sexual allure and you will always feel ugly. And when time and age start showing, you will die a million deaths before they finally grieve you.
If you're a spirit and you can travel to other dimensions and galaxies and find out the mysteries of the universe, you think she's going to want to hang around Drexler's funeral home on Ocean Parkway?
If you're committed enough, you can make any story work. I once told a woman I was Kevin Costner, and it worked because I believed it.
If you're distracted by fear of those around you it keeps you from seeing the actions of those above.
If you're ever feeling bored and aimless in a shopping mall, try this experiment. Visit ten children's clothing stores, and each time approach a salesperson saying that you are looking for a present for a newborn. Count how many times you are asked, "Is it a boy or a girl?" You are likely to have a 100 percent hit rate if you try this one spare afternoon.
If you're feeling fancy free, come wander through the world with me, and any place we chance to be will be a rendezvous. Two for the road, we'll travel through the years collecting precious memories, selecting souvenirs and living life the way we please.
If you're going to San Francisco be sure to wear some flowers in your hair. You're gonna meet some gentle people there. All across the nation, such a strange vibration. There's a whole generation with a new explanation.
If you're reading this, you've gotten out. And if you've come this far, maybe you're willing to come a little further. You remember the name of the town, don't you? I could use a good man to help me get my project on wheels. I'll keep an eye out for you and the chessboard ready. Remember, Red, hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies. I will be hoping that this letter finds you, and finds you well.
If you're willing to go through the battling to get to where you wanna get, who's got the right to stop you? Maybe you guys got something you never finished, something you really wanna do, something you never said to somebody - something! And you're told no, even after you pay your dues. Who's got the right to tell you that? Who? Nobody!
If you're wondering how he eats and breathes and other science facts then repeat to yourself "It's just a show, I should really just relax" for Mystery Science Theater 3000.
If you're working out in front of a mirror and watching your muscles grow, your ego has reached a point where it is now eating itself. That's why I believe there should be a psychiatrist at every health club, so that when they see you doing this, they will take you away for a little chat.
If you've ever studied touch-typing on the QWERTY keyboard, you probably spent quite a bit of time getting comfortable with the home position and with the proper ways to stretch your fingers to reach all the keys. On a steno keyboard, none of that complexity exists, and you can learn proper fingering in about one minute.
If you've got enough time to fantasize about your beautiful death, why don't you live your life beautifully to the end?
If you've had half as much fun watching the show as we've had doing it, well then we've had twice as much fun doing the show as you've had watching it.
If you've never programmed a computer, you should. There's nothing like it in the whole world. When you program a computer, it does exactly what you tell it to do. It's like designing a machine - any machine, like a car, like a faucet, like a gas-hinge for a door - using math and instructions. It's awesome in the truest sense: it can fill you with awe.
If you, under any circumstances, see "Little Indian, Big City," I will never let you read one of my reviews again.
If youth is the season of hope, it is often so only in the sense that our elders are hopeful about us; for no age is so apt as youth to think its emotions, partings, and resolves are the last of their kind. Each crisis seems final, simply because it is new. We are told that the oldest inhabitants in Peru do not cease to be agitated by the earthquakes, but they probably see beyond each shock, and reflect that there are plenty more to come.
Images of broken light which dance before me like a million eyes - they call me on and on across the universe. Thoughts meander like a restless wind inside a letter box - they tumble blindly as they make their way across the universe.
Imagination is the only weapon in the war against reality.
Imagine a life-form whose brainpower is to ours as ours is to a chimpanzee's. To such a species, our highest mental achievements would be trivial. Their toddlers, instead of learning their ABCs on Sesame Street, would learn multivariable calculus on Boolean Boulevard.
Imagine a vast sheet of paper on which straight Lines, Triangles, Squares, Pentagons, Hexagons, and other figures, instead of remaining fixed in their places, move freely about, on or in the surface, but without the power of rising above or sinking below it, very much like shadows - only hard and with luminous edges - and you will then have a pretty correct notion of my country and countrymen.
Imagine considering "if" as a two-finger movement instead of two single-finger movements: Thus, whenever you saw the word "if" you would immediately start twitching your right forefinger and left forefinger (preferably in the correct order). This would definitely increase your response time and speed up your keyboarding.
Imagine fish swimming in a shallow pond, just below the lily pads, thinking that their "universe" is only two-dimensional. Our three-dimensional world may be beyond their ken. But there is a way in which they can detect the presence of the third dimension. If it rains, they can clearly see the shadows of ripples traveling along the surface of the pond. Similarly, we cannot see the fifth dimension, but ripples in the fifth dimension appear to us as light.
Imagine for a moment if we once again knew these few unremarkable things: What it is we're eating. Where it came from. How it found its way to our table. And what, in a true accounting, it really cost. We would no longer need any reminding that however we choose to feed ourselves, we eat by the grace of nature, not industry, and what we're eating is never anything more or less than the body of the world.
Imagine if Christopher Columbus had come back from the New World and no one returned in his footsteps.
Imagine if you got what you want every time. No struggle, no hard work, no challenges, no hard work required. Some of you saying that would be great. You would be weak and then when something hard comes up in your life you wouldn't know how to handle it because you have never gone through anything that strengthens you. You cannot grow without struggle, you cannot develop strength without resistance, without challenging yourself, without struggle. Pain is your friend, maybe not in the moment, but for the evolution of your soul, for the long term benefit of you, as a stronger human being.
Imagine there's no heaven. It's easy if you try. No hell below us, above us only sky. Imagine all the people living for today. Imagine there's no countries. It isn't hard to do. Nothing to kill or die for and no religion too. Imagine all the people living life in peace.
Imagine this: Here we are, a plane full of grown human beings, many of us partially educated, and they're actually taking time out to describe the intricate workings of a belt buckle. Well, I ask for clarification at that point. Did you say 'Place the small metal flap into the buckle' or 'Place the buckle over and around the small metal flap'?
Imagine words like "if" as a two-finger movement instead of two single-finger movements. This would definitely increase your response time and speed up your keyboarding.
Impressive. Most impressive. Obi-Wan has taught you well. You have controlled your fear. Now release your anger. Only your hatred can destroy me.
In 12th-century Pisa, Italy, the construction firm of Morrelli and Sons, whose members were all afflicted with a genetic disorder in which the left leg was considerably shorter than the right, begin work on a new tower.
In 1609, hearing of a telescope built by a Dutch eyeglass maker, Italian scientist Galileo Galilei put together his own version, consisting of a convex lens and a concave lens mounted in a lead tube. "Bringing my eye to the concave lens," he noted, "I saw objects satisfactorily large and near." In the next few years, he saw craters on the Moon, sunspots on the Sun, the rings of Saturn, and four moons of Jupiter.
In 1873 the Sholes & Glidden Type Writer became the first to be mass produced, and its keyboard layout was soon standard on all typewriters. Other keyboard layouts have been created since, such as the Blickensderfer and the Dvorak, and some are demonstrably more efficient, but the original continues to thrive. It is a telling demonstration of the power of inertia and the reward of being first.
In 1936, Herbert Agar, a prominent author, foreign correspondent, and columnist for the Louisville Courier-Journal and Alan Tate, poet and social commentator, brought a selection of their writings together in a now nearly forgotten book: "Who Owns America? A New Declaration of Independence."
In 1966, Andy Dufresne escaped from Shawshank prison. All they found of him was a muddy set of prison clothes, a bar of soap, and an old rock hammer, damn near worn down to the nub. I used to think it would take six-hundred years to tunnel under the wall with it. Old Andy did it in less than twenty.
In 1966, I went down to Greenwich Village, New York City to a rock club called Electric Banana. Don't look for it; it's not there anymore. But that night, I heard a band that for me redefined the word "rock and roll". I remember being knocked out by their... their exuberance, their raw power, and their punctuality. That band was Britain's now-legendary Spinal Tap. Seventeen years and fifteen albums later, Spinal Tap is still going strong. And they've earned a distinguished place in rock history as one of England's loudest bands.
In 1969 four computers located around the country were in communication with each other through ARPANET. By the mid-1980s, the core of the network was in place, the communications protocols had been determined, and the Internet was live. By the early 1990s the first Internet language (http) was written and the first browser was published. The World Wide Web was born.
In 1972, domestic oil production peaked and then began its inexorable, irreversible decline. The year before, the prerogative of setting the price of crude oil had passed into the hands of a new producer group, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries.
In a 32-bit world, you're a 2-bit user. You've got your own newsgroup, "alt.total-loser". Your motherboard melts when you try to send a fax. Where'd you get your CPU, in a box of Cracker Jacks? Play me online? Well, you know that I'll beat you. If I ever meet you I'll control-alt-delete you.
In a business like this the people with the power are the ones that have the understanding of what's going on, not necessarily the ones on top.
In a hamlet of ten households, there are bound to be those who are my equal in doing their best for others and in being trustworthy in what they say, but they are unlikely to be as eager to learn as I am.
In a town of moderate size, two men lived in neighbouring houses; but they had not been there very long before one man took such a hatred of the other, and envied him so bitterly, that the poor man determined to find another home, hoping that when they no longer met every day his enemy would forget all about him. So he sold his house and the little furniture it contained, and moved into the capital of the country, which was luckily at no great distance. About half a mile from this city he bought a nice little place, with a large garden and a fair-sized court, in the centre of which stood an old well.
In a very real sense we have two minds, one that thinks and one that feels.
In a way fighting was just like using magic. You said the words, and they altered the universe. By merely speaking you could create damage and pain, cause tears to fall, drive people away, make yourself feel better, make your life worse.
In a word, I was too cowardly to do what I knew to be right, as I had been too cowardly to avoid doing what I knew to be wrong.
In a world of human wreckage where I'm lost and I'm found and I can't touch the ground, I'm plowed into the sound.
In all the houses keys to memorizing objects and feelings had been written. But the system demanded so much vigilance and moral strength that many succumbed to the spell of an imaginary reality, one invented by themselves, which was less practical for them but more comforting.
In America, circus folk ride through town, while bands play and the elephants trumpet. Everyone puts on their biggest smile and people line the streets and cheer. A booming voice announces the show for that evening.
In an age as agitated as ours, it no longer suffices just to be advertised in the newspaper. To be advertised in this way is the same thing as being consigned to oblivion. If one is to be noticed, one must at least appear on the first page under a hand that points to and, as it were, announces or advertises the advertisement.
In ancient times, hundreds of years before the dawn of history, an ancient race of people... the Druids. No one knows who they were or what they were doing...
In and around the lake. Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there. One mile over we'll be there and we'll see you, ten true summers we'll be there and laughing too. Twenty four before my love you'll see, I'll be there with you.
In another experiment involving students, respondents were asked about likely future outcomes for themselves and their roommates. They typically had very rosy views about their own futures, which they imagined to include successful careers, happy marriages, and good health. When asked to speculate about their roommates' futures, however, their responses were far more realistic. The roommates were believed to be far more likely to become alcoholics, suffer illnesses, get divorced, and experience a variety of other unfavorable outcomes.
In another time, another culture, he may have been a seer, a shaman priest. In our world he's a shoe salesman and lives among the shadows.
In any new job there's always friction with your coworkers. They're wondering if the boss likes the new guy better, if he's going to make them look bad. In some jobs, that can get you a dark look in the break room; in other jobs, that can get you a bullet in the back of the head.
In Bangladesh, the average production rate per local hen of 50 eggs/year was regarded by some as low productivity. However, if it is considered that 50 eggs per hen per year represents four hatches from four clutches of eggs laid, incubated and hatched by the mother hen, and the outcome is 30 saleable chickens reared per year (assuming no eggs sold or eaten, 80 percent hatchability and 25 percent rearing mortality), then it is a remarkably high productivity.
In Carl Jung's opinion, we all have a sixth sense - intuition. When you meet someone and you suddenly feel like you can't live without them. This could be the memory of a past love from the collective unconscious. Or it could just be hormones.
In detective work, there's no winning or losing... there's no being inferior or superior... that's because there's always one and only one truth.
In eternity, where there is no time, nothing can grow. Nothing can become. Nothing changes. So Death created time to grow the things that it would kill, and you are reborn, but into the same life that you've always been born into. I mean, how many times have we had this conversation, detectives? Well, who knows? When you can't remember your lives, you can't change your lives, and that is the terrible and the secret fate of all life. You're trapped by that nightmare you keep waking up into.
In every generation there is a Chosen One. She alone will stand against the vampires, the demons, and the forces of darkness. She is the Slayer.
In fact, if you put oy and poodle together in the same sentence, you'd have a great new catch phrase, you know? Like, oy with the poodles already. So from now on, when the perfect circumstances arise, we will use our favorite new catch phrase.
In fact, the mere act of opening the box will determine the state of the cat, although in this case there were three determinate states the cat could be in: these being Alive, Dead, and Bloody Furious.
In general, many of these targets are easier marks if you are wearing the correct uniform. You should always have one suit or fashionable dress outfit hanging in the closet for the proper heists.
In general, many of these targets are easier marks if you are wearing the correct uniform. You should always have one suit or fashionable dress outfit hanging in the closet for the proper heists. Specialized uniforms, such as nun and priest garb, can be most helpful. Check out your local uniform store for a wide range of clothes that will get you in, and especially out, of all kinds of stores.
In Ghana agriculture accounts for 35% of GDP and 36% of export earnings and employs more than 60% of the labor force. Given the sector's initial size and its importance for incomes and foreign exchange earnings, agriculture is likely to play a key role in Ghana's economic transformation.
In groups where there are high levels of emotional and social static - whether it be from fear or anger, from rivalries or resentments - people cannot offer their best. But harmony allows a group to take maximum advantage of its most creative and talented members' abilities.
In his blue gardens men and girls came and went like moths among the whisperings and the champagne and the stars.
In his capacity as princeps, selfishness and selflessness coexisted in his mind. While fighting for dominance, he paid little attention to legality or to the normal civilities of political life. He was devious, untrustworthy, and bloodthirsty. But once he had established his authority, he governed efficiently and justly, generally allowed freedom of speech, and promoted the rule of law. He was immensely hardworking and tried as hard as any democratic parliamentarian to treat his senatorial colleagues with respect and sensitivity. He suffered from no delusions of grandeur.
In his dealings with the world the gentleman is not invariably for or against anything. He is on the side of what is moral.
In his Phaedo, Plato describes another vision of the afterlife in which he explains how true philosophers eventually are released from the cycle of reincarnation; those who have lived a life of exceptional holiness and purify themselves sufficiently through their pursuit of philosophy live entirely as souls in the hereafter in beautiful dwellings, which are not easy to describe.
In many ways, Cobb and Jaramillo were exceptional figures. Cobb's early radicalism was rare by US standards, as was his adamant refusal to abandon the small farm. Jaramillo, too, was a renowned firebrand from a notably radical state, and his violent end elicited unusual shock. Nevertheless, in both of their lives were wound up the fates of millions of others in the US and Mexican countryside. Not long after World War II, the stormy public debate over rural poverty and the human impact of agricultural change tapered off in each nation. As conservatives silenced dissenting voices by means of force or compromise, it would be concerns of productivity - not inequality - that dominated the next generation of rural policy making.
In May 1980, Fidel Castro opened the harbor at Mariel, Cuba with the apparent intention of letting some of his people join their relatives in the United States. Within seventy-two hours, 3,000 U.S. boats were headed for Cuba. It soon became evident that Castro was forcing the boat owners to carry back with them not only their relatives, but the dregs of his jails.
In Mexico, rural enclosures made Mexico City into the world's largest metropolis during the late twentieth century - a "monstrous inflated head, crushing the frail body that holds it up," in the words of writer Octavio Paz. Located in the densely populated, corn-growing central plateau, the capital was the natural destination for the millions of rural people uprooted by the high modernist green revolution and simultaneous federal neglect of the ejido sector. Yet rather than colonizing the inner city, as rural migrants did in the United States, campesino refugees to Mexico City built vast squatter villages on the hilly outskirts of the Federal District.
In most cases, there is more to be gained by maximizing the performance of the driver than tricking out the car.
In most cases, there is more to be gained by maximizing the performance of the driver than tricking out the car. The most important factor is the driver, the ultimate control system of a race car.
In my eyes, indisposed. In disguises no one knows. Hides the face, lies the snake. The sun in my disgrace. Boiling heat, summer stench. 'Neath the black the sky looks dead. Call my name through the cream. And I'll hear you scream again. Black hole sun. Won't you come. And wash away the rain. Black hole sun. Won't you come. Won't you come.
In my opinion, if, as the result of certain combinations, Kepler's or Newton's discoveries could become known to people in no other way than by sacrificing the lives of one, or ten, or a hundred or more people who were hindering the discovery, or standing as an obstacle in its path, then Newton would have the right, and it would even be his duty to remove those ten or a hundred people, in order to make his discoveries known to mankind. It by no means follows from this, incidentally, that Newton should have the right to kill anyone he pleases, whomever happens along, or to steal from the market every day.
In my own case, I have several times happened to overlook results which ought to have struck me blind, as being immediate consequences of other ones which I had obtained. Most of these proceed from the cause which we have just mentioned, viz., from attention too narrowly directed.
In my restless dreams, I see that town... Silent Hill. You promised me you'd take me there again someday... but you never did. Well I'm alone there now, in our special place... waiting for you.
In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice that I've been turning over in my mind ever since. "Whenever you feel like criticizing anyone," he told me, "just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had." He didn't say any more but we've always been unusually communicative in a reserved way and I understood that he meant a great deal more than that.
In Newton's time it was possible for an educated person to have a grasp of the whole of human knowledge, at least in outline. But since then, the pace of the development of science has made this impossible. Because theories are always being changed to account for new observations, they are never properly digested or simplified so that ordinary people can understand them.
In order to become an elf I filled out ten pages' worth of forms, took a multiple choice personality test, underwent two interviews and a drug test.
In order to become an elf I filled out ten pages' worth of forms, took a multiple choice personality test, underwent two interviews and a drug test. The first interview was general, designed to eliminate obvious sociopaths. During the second interview we were asked why we wanted to be elves.
In order to face down the danger that is stalking us and move through it, we first have to recognize that we are facing a crisis. So why is it that our leaders seem not to hear such clarion warnings? Are they resisting the truth because they know that the moment they acknowledge it, they will face a moral imperative to act? Is it simply more convenient to ignore the warnings?
In order to grasp the distance that separates the human and the divine, one has only to compare these crude trembling symbols which my fallible hand scrawls on the cover of a book with the organic letters inside - neat, delicate, deep black, and inimitably symmetrical.
In order to return the power to repel evil to your sword, you must find another to take my stead in this temple and ask the gods for their assistance. You must find the one who carries on my bloodline... The one who holds this sacred instrument.
In other news, officials at the Pacific Nuclear Research Facility have denied the rumor that a case of missing plutonium was, in fact, stolen from their vault two weeks ago. A Libyan terrorist group had claimed responsibility for the alleged theft. However, officials now attribute the discrepancy to a simple clerical error.
In our analysis of constant-current source circuits, we have assumed a piecewise linear approximation for the B-E voltage, Vbe(on). However, in the Widlar current source and other current-source circuits, the piecewise linear approximation is not adequate, since the B-E voltages are not all equal.
In our world, every storm has an end. Every night, brings a new morning. What's important is to trust those you love, and never give up. We must all keep hope alive.
In preparing for battle I have always found that plans are useless, but planning is indispensable.
In real-time court reporting, the court reporter types the court proceedings on a stenotype machine, which is connected to a computer. The symbols that the court reporter types on the stenotype machine are converted to words that can be read by those involved in the case. This process is known as Communications Access Real-time Translation (CART). In addition to its use in court, CART is used in meetings, educational settings, and for closed captioning for the hearing-impaired on television.
In short order, Carter then proceeded to kill any chance he had of securing reelection. In American political discourse, fundamental threats are by definition external. Nazi Germany, Imperial Japan, or international communism could threaten the United States. Yet Carter now dared to suggest that the real danger to American democracy lay within.
In short, our gentleman became so caught up in reading that he spent his nights reading from dusk till dawn and his days reading from sunrise to sunset, and so with too little sleep and too much reading his brains dried up, causing him to lose his mind.
In synchronous communications, the sender and receiver must synchronize with one another before data is sent. To maintain clock synchronization over long periods, a special bit-transition pattern is embedded in the digital signal that assists in maintaining the timing between sender and receiver.
In that cell you found something that mattered more to you than life.
In that theory, when blood was predominant, the person was sanguine, characterized as good-natured and cheerful; black bile underlay the melancholic individual who tended to be anxious and moody; a readiness to be angry and irritable, due to too much yellow bile, marked the choleric; and when phlegm predominated, the person was phlegmatic, or easygoing and slow to become aroused.
In the Age of Ancients the world was unformed, shrouded by fog. A land of gray crags, Archtrees and Everlasting Dragons. But then there was fire and with fire came disparity. Heat and cold, life and death, and of course, light and dark. Then from the dark, they came, and found the Souls of Lords within the flame. Nito, the First of the Dead, The Witch of Izalith and her Daughters of Chaos, Gwyn, the Lord of Sunlight, and his faithful knights. And the Furtive Pygmy, so easily forgotten.
In the all night cafe at a quarter past eleven, same old man sitting there on his own, looking at the world over the rim of his teacup, and each tea lasts an hour and he wanders home alone.
In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth. The earth was without form, and void; and darkness was on the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God was hovering over the face of the waters.
In the beginning there was discovery. A confusion of elements. The first snowfall of impossible change. Old lives undone, left behind.
In the beginning there was discovery. A confusion of elements. The first snowfall of impossible change. Old lives undone, left behind. Strange faces, made familiar. New nightmares, to challenge sleep. New friends, to feel safe with. Only then comes control. The need to impose order unto chaos, through determination, through study, through struggle. All in defiance of a thundering truth. They're here, and the earth shudders underfoot.
In the beginning there was only a small amount of injustice abroad in the world, but everyone who came afterwards added their portion, always thinking it was very small and unimportant, and look where we have ended up today.
In the capital of the Sunbelt South, the quiet revolution of immigration and food continues to upset and redefine the meanings of local, regional, and global identity.
In the case of college students, 80 to 90 percent of respondents invariably say that they are more skillful, safer drivers than others in the class.
In the casino, the cardinal rule is to keep them playing and to keep them coming back. The longer they play, the more they lose, and in the end, we get it all. Running a casino is like robbing a bank with no cops around.
In the early days of America, when men wore ruffles on their shirts and buckles on their shoes, when they rode horseback and swore allegiance to the king of England, there lived in Boston a man who cared for none of these things. His name was Samuel Adams. His clothes were shabby and plain, he refused to get on a horse and he hated the king of England.
In the early days of computer chess people used to estimate that it would be ten years until a computer (or program) was world champion. But after ten years had passed, it seemed that the day a computer would become world champion was still more than ten years away... This is just one more piece of evidence for the rather recursive Hofstadter's Law: It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take into account Hofstadter's Law.
In the early days of paperback books, the paper used was very low quality, usually newsprint. Consumers rejected the soiled and discolored appearance of the pages. Publishers hit upon the notion of "staining," which made the paper look fresh, even pretty, and most important, prolonged the shelf life of their books.
In the early days of radio astronomy, many radio sources were detected for which no corresponding visible object was known. By 1960 several hundred such sources were listed in the Third Cambridge Catalog and astronomers were scanning the skies in search of visible counterparts to these radio sources. Their job was made difficult both by the low resolution of the radio observations (which meant that the observers did not know exactly where to look) and by the faintness of these objects at visible wavelengths.
In the early days, living in their squalid apartment, all three shared dreams of success. In the end, however, Bob the Spoon and Ernie the Fork wound up in an old silverware drawer, and only Mack went on to fame and fortune.
In the early history of topology, results were primarily motivated by investigations of real-world problems.
In the end, L is indeed the greatest detective on earth...
In the English language, swearing is essential to effective communication. Whether you want to succeed in business, school, or social circles, a strong command of vocabulary is absolutely necessary.
In the first age, in the first battle, when the shadows first lengthened, one stood. Burned by the embers of Armageddon, his soul blistered by the fires of Hell and tainted beyond ascension, he chose the path of perpetual torment. In his ravenous hatred he found no peace; and with boiling blood he scoured the Umbral Plains seeking vengeance against the dark lords who had wronged him. He wore the crown of the Night Sentinels, and those that tasted the bite of his sword named him... the Doom Slayer.
In the first place, Herb's name isn't Tarlek, it's Nietzsche. He's directly related to the famous nihilist philosopher. See, he came to America to prove through the use of polyester that God is dead, and I think he's succeeded admirably, don't you?
In the hundred years since the Victoria Cross was created for valour and extreme courage beyond that normally expected of the British soldier in face of the enemy, only 1344 have been awarded. Eleven of these were won by the defenders of the mission station at Rorke's Drift, Natal, January 22nd to the 23rd 1879.
In the last days of 1890, thousands of outraged farmers gathered in a small city, far from the halls of power, to protest their chronic exclusion from the fruits of land and labor.
In the late 1960s, a growing number of people became concerned about the growing problems of pollution and the destruction of natural habitats. This movement led to the formation of groups like the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). The primary goal of the environmental movement as a whole is to make sure that the environment is safe and intact for future generations to enjoy.
In the middle of our life journey I found myself in a dark wood. I had wandered from the straight path. It isn't easy to talk about it: it was such a thick, wild, and rough forest that when I think of it my fear returns.
In the moment when I truly understand my enemy, understand him well enough to defeat him, then in that very moment I also love him. I think it's impossible to really understand somebody, what they want, what they believe, and not love them the way they love themselves. And then, in that very moment when I love them... I destroy them.
In the name of Annah the Allmaziful, the Everliving, the Bringer of Plurabilities, haloed be her eve, her singtime sung, her rill be run, unhemmed as it is uneven!
In the ninja world, those who break the rules are scum, that's true. But, those who abandon their friends are worse than scum.
In the not too distant future, next Sunday AD, there was a guy named Joel not too different from you or me. He worked at Gizmonic Institute, just another face in a red jumpsuit. He did a good job cleaning up the place but his bosses didn't like him so they shot him into space.
In the old days of the Cold War, Zukovsky worked for the KGB. Over the years he had several ill-fated encounters with Bond, one of them resulting in a permanent limp. Now, Zukovsky operates an arms business out of St. Petersburg, and he is willing to sell information, even to Bond.
In the past, all a King had to do was look respectable in uniform and not fall off his horse. Now we must invade people's homes and ingratiate ourselves with them. This family's been reduced to those lowest, basest of all creatures. We've become actors!
In the past, peripheral countries have been primarily exporters of agricultural and mineral raw materials. But even when they have developed some industrial production, it has usually been less capital-intensive and has used less skilled labor than production processes in the core.
In the profession of Christianity, the variety of national characters may be clearly distinguished. The natives of Syria and Egypt abandoned their lives to lazy and contemplative devotion; Rome again aspired to the dominion of the world; and the wit of the lively and loquacious Greeks was consumed in the disputes of metaphysical theology.
In the second row was a boy named Doon Harrow. He sat with his shoulders hunched, his eyes squeezed shut in concentration, and his hands clasped tightly together. His hair looked rumpled, as if he hadn't combed it for a while. He had dark, thick eyebrows, which made him look serious at the best of times and, when he was anxious or angry, came together to form a straight line across his forehead. His brown corduroy jacket was so old that its ridges had flattened out.
In the short term, it would make me happy to go play outside. In the long term, it would make me happier to do well at school and become successful. But in the very long term, I know which will make better memories.
In the top story of the day, General Wallace Nasami, head of the emerging nation of Nibia, denied his new government was a dictatorship and promised free elections as soon as each citizen of the small country learned to play a musical instrument.
In the town where I was born, lived a man who sailed to sea. And he told us of his life in the land of submarines, so we sailed up to the sun, till we found the sea of green and we lived beneath the waves in our yellow submarine.
In the witch trials, it was nearly impossible to provide compelling alibis for accused witches: The rules of evidence had a special character. For example, in more than one case a husband attested that his wife was asleep in his arms at the very moment she was accused of frolicking with the devil; but the archbishop patiently explained that a demon had taken the place of the wife.
In this building, it's either kill or be killed. You make no friends in the pits and you take no prisoners. One minute you're up half a million in soybeans and the next, boom, your kids don't go to college and they've repossessed your Bentley. Are you with me?
In this chapter I want to examine punctuation as an art. Naturally, therefore, this is where the colon and semicolon waltz in together, to a big cheer from all the writers in the audience. Just look at those glamorous punctuation marks twirling in the lights from the glitter-ball: are they not beautiful? Are they not graceful?
In this grave hour, perhaps the most fateful in our history, I send to every household of my peoples, both at home and overseas, this message, spoken with the same depth of feeling for each one of you, as if I were able to cross your threshold and speak to you myself: for the second time in the lives of most of us, we are at war.
In this world, evil can arise from the best intentions. And there is good which can come from evil intentions.
In this world, you must be oh so smart, or oh so pleasant. Well, for years I was smart. I recommend pleasant. You may quote me.
In two dimensions we say that a rigid body has only one rotational degree of freedom, whereas in three dimensions we say that a rigid body has three rotational degrees of freedom. This might lead you to infer that in three dimensions you need to have three scalar quantities to represent a body's rotation. Indeed, this is the minimum requirement.
In your heart I see the start of every night and every day. In your eyes I get lost, I get washed away. Just as long as I'm here in your arms I could be in no better place.
In your policy, it states quite clearly that no claim you make will be paid. You see, you unfortunately plumped for our never-pay policy which, you know, if you never claim, is very worthwhile.
Inadequate ventilation of poultry houses results in a build-up of ammonia gas from poultry faeces, which contain urea. This can predispose the poultry to respiratory disorders, such as sneezing, running eyes and mucous discharges from the mouth. Providing good ventilation easily prevents this.
Inadvertently, Roy dooms the entire earth to annihilation when, in an attempt to be friendly, he seizes their leader by the head and shakes vigorously.
Increasingly, tourists exchange money not at the retail dealers in airports or banks in foreign cities, but at foreign automated teller machines, using either a debit card or a credit card. The actual exchange of national currencies is made on their behalf between the foreign bank and their own bank - usually at a better rate than available through retail dealers.
Individual science fiction stories may seem as trivial as ever to the blinder critics and philosophers of today - but the core of science fiction, its essence, the concept around which it revolves, has become crucial to our salvation if we are to be saved at all.
Indonesia is a nation of islands - more than seventeen thousand in all, spread along the equator between the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
Indonesia is a nation of islands - more than seventeen thousand in all, spread along the equator between the Indian and Pacific Oceans. Most Americans can't locate Indonesia on a map. The fact is puzzling to Indonesians, since for the past sixty years the fate of their nation has been directly tied to U.S. foreign policy.
Infinite in mystery is the gift of the Goddess. We seek it thus, and take to the sky. Ripples form on the water's surface. The wandering soul knows no rest.
Informal manufacturing activities often have strong domestic linkage effects and the potential to scale up and become important growth components in African countries. This scaling-up can be driven by domestic or international capital and entrepreneurs and requires significant improvements in the business environment.
Ingratitude is amongst them a capital crime, as we read it to have been in some other countries: for they reason thus; that whoever makes ill-returns to his benefactor, must needs be a common enemy to the rest of the mankind, from where he has received no obligations and therefore such man is not fit to live.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. We are caught in an inescapable network of mutuality, tied in a single garment of destiny. Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly.
Insects may carry the germs or parasites which cause disease in a purely mechanical or accidental way, that is, the insect may in the course of its wanderings or its feeding get some of the germs on or in its body and may by chance carry these to the food, or water, or directly to some person who may become infected. Thus the house-fly may carry the typhoid germs on its feet or in its body and distribute them in places where they may enter the human body.
Inside his house a kid gets one name, but on the other side of the door, it's whatever the rest of the world wants to call him.
Inside tank of fuel is not fuel, but love. Above us, there is nothing above but the stars above.
Instantly, he felt humiliated for saying that - how nerdy could he be? He didn't have to look back at Katherine to know that she was probably rolling her eyes, mouthing the words, "Really, we're not related. Not by blood."
Instead of hiring workers during the peak hog kill in the winter and then laying them off when the work slowed down, Jay had instituted a system of paying workers a steady wage year-round.
Instead of hiring workers during the peak hog kill in the winter and then laying them off when the work slowed down, Jay had instituted a system of paying workers a steady wage year-round. A 1937 Fortune magazine article about this and other progressive labor policies at Hormel might well shock those familiar only with the company's labor relations in the 1980s.
int res; unsigned long flags; u32 data = 0; if (PCI_##size##_BAD) return PCIBIOS_BAD_REGISTER_NUMBER; spin_lock_irqsave(&pci_lock, flags); res = bus->ops->read(bus, devfn, pos, len, &data); *value = (type)data; spin_unlock_irqrestore(&pci_lock, flags); return res;
Intrigued by that enigma, he dug so deeply into her sentiments that in search of interest he found love, because by trying to make her love him he ended up falling in love with her.
Invisible airwaves crackle with life. Bright antennae bristle with the energy. Emotional feedback on a timeless wavelength bearing a gift beyond price almost free.
Involuntarily I glanced seaward - and distinguished nothing except a single green light, minute and far away, that might have been the end of a dock.
Involuntarily I glanced seaward - and distinguished nothing except a single green light, minute and far away, that might have been the end of a dock. When I looked once more for Gatsby he had vanished, and I was alone again in the unquiet darkness.
Ironically, we were studying "The Scarlet Letter," but isn't that always the way? The books you read in class always seem to have a strong connection with whatever angsty adolescent drama is being recounted. I consider this. Except for "Huckleberry Finn," 'cause I don't know any teenage boys who have ever run away with a big, hulking black guy.
Is anyone there? Who survived? Somebody new? Anyone else, but you? On a lonely night, was a burning light. A hundred years and we'll be born again.
Is getting rid of all the thorns in someone's path really what's best for them?
Is it possible, I wonder, to study a bird so closely, to observe and catalogue its peculiarities in such a minute detail, that it becomes invisible? Is it possible that while fastidiously calibrating the span of its wings or the length of its tarsus, we somehow lose sight of its poetry? That in our pedestrian descriptions of a marbled or vermiculated plumage we forfeit a glimpse of living canvases, cascades of carefully toned browns and golds that would shame Kandinsky, misty explosions of color to rival Monet?
Is it really necessary to send that email? The more emails you send, the more work others will have to do to prioritize your requests. How many of the things you're mentioning are important? If you have 10 issues to discuss, break them into two groups and focus on the most important group.
Is it really not possible to touch the gaming table without being instantly infected by superstition?
Is it sweeter to exist only in the mind or to exist both in the mind and in reality? Flipping out and wailing on guitars is much sweeter when someone is actually doing it.
Is it sweeter to exist only in the mind or to exist both in the mind and in reality? Flipping out and wailing on guitars is much sweeter when someone is actually doing it. So when we conceive of the sweetest being ever, we are conceiving of the being that exists both in the mind and in reality.
Is that what your little note says? It must be hard living your life off a couple of scraps of paper.
Is that what your little note says? It must be hard living your life off a couple of scraps of paper. You mix your laundry list with your grocery list you'll end up eating your underwear for breakfast.
Is there a cure among us from this processed sanity? I weaken with each voice that sings. Now in this world of purchase, I'm going to buy back memories to awaken some old quality.
Is there a greater tragedy imaginable than that, in our endeavour consciously to shape our future in accordance with high ideals, we should in fact unwittingly produce the very opposite of what we have been striving for?
Is this some type of test, Revan? Some type of trick? You came seeking our aid; you came in search of a way to enter the Temple of the Ancients. You claimed to be seeking a way to destroy the Star Forge, and we were foolish enough to believe you. Unaware of your true nature, we helped you enter the Temple. But you betrayed us, Revan. Instead of destroying the terrible legacy of our ancestors, you unleashed the evil of the Star Forge upon an unsuspecting galaxy. And now you stand before the Council of Elders once more. And once more we ask you: for what reason have you returned, Revan?
Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy? Caught in a landslide, no escape from reality. Open your eyes, look up to the skies and see.
Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy? Caught in a landslide, no escape from reality. Open your eyes, look up to the skies and see. I'm just a poor boy, I need no sympathy. Because I'm easy come, easy go, little high, little low. Any way the wind blows doesn't really matter to me.
Is your housekeeper acting suspicious? Try asking the girl a few key questions, such as "don't you think those Vox Populi folk have a valid complaint against the Prophet?" And "I'm sure some of your friends have attended meetings... I'd sure like to see what they're all about!" Now, back to the music...
Isn't everybody tired of the fighting? Isn't everybody tired of the killing? Isn't everybody tired of the dying? Isn't everybody tired of the hatred?
Isn't it kind of weird? It's like, there's a guy in a gorilla suit, and there's - he's got a robot head, and inside he's got kind of a bunch of clay... I mean, I've seen Dali paintings that make more sense than this movie does.
Isn't that something? That is pretty. I like these kind of paintings. And you know me, shoot, there's a minute or two left here, let's have us a happy tree. We'll just take the knife, maybe we'll have an old birch tree that lives right here. Let's just let it run all the way up here. Now, you could have left the birch tree inside of the oval, but I sort of like it when it sneaks out a little bit. But when you do your painting, you make that decision. If you want him to live inside that oval, you put that rascal in there and keep him in there.
Isolated in their soundproof studios neither player is aware of the other's score. I've been assured by our friends at the encyclopedia that they've concocted some real brain-breakers this week so we'll find out in the next 30 minutes if the unstumpable Herbert Stempel can be stumped. Could I have the questions, please?
It all began ages ago, when man's ancestor picked up a shard of a strange red rock. Its power, which was beyond human comprehension, cultivated dreams. In turn, love and hate were born. Only time will see how it all ends.
It all just disappears doesn't it? Everything you are, gone in a moment like breath on a mirror. Any moment now, he's a coming, The Doctor and I always will be. But times change... and so must I. We all change, when you think about it. We are all different people all through our lives and that's okay - that's good - you've got to keep moving, so long as you remember all the people that you used to be. I will not forget one line of this, not one day, I swear. I will always remember when The Doctor was me...
It also occurred to him that throughout history, humankind has told two stories: the story of a lost ship sailing the Mediterranean seas in quest of a beloved isle, and the story of a god who allows himself to be crucified on Golgotha.
It appears that the devastation we brought upon ourselves was complete; Heaven, Hell and Purgatory were atomized as well. So when a soul leaves the body it has nowhere to go, and must remain here, in the Metro. A harsh, but not undeserved atonement for our sins, wouldn't you agree?
It became very clear to me sitting out there today that every decision I've made in my entire life has been wrong. My life is the complete opposite of everything I want it to be. Every instinct I have in every aspect of life, be it something to wear, something to eat - it's all been wrong.
It can also be argued that DNA is nothing more than a program designed to preserve itself. Life has become more complex in the overwhelming sea of information. And life, when organized into species, relies upon genes to be its memory system. So, man is an individual only because of his intangible memory... and memory cannot be defined, but it defines mankind. The advent of computers, and the subsequent accumulation of incalculable data has given rise to a new system of memory and thought parallel to your own. Humanity has underestimated the consequences of computerization.
It didn't stop you from writing it. As if every thought that tumbles through your head was so clever it would be a crime for it not to be shared. The Internet's not written in pencil, Mark, it's written in ink.
It doesn't matter what I say, so long as I sing with inflection that makes you feel I'll convey some inner truth or vast reflection. But I've said nothing so far, and I can keep it up for as long as it takes.
It doesn't matter where you go or what you do, I want to spend each moment of the day with you. Look what has happened with just one kiss, I never knew that I could be in love like this.
It doesn't matter who you are or what you look like, so long as somebody loves you.
It doesn't mean much to be able to filter out most present-day spam, because spam evolves. Indeed, most anti-spam techniques so far have been like pesticides that do nothing more than create a new, resistant strain of bugs.
It had nothing to do with gear or footwear or the backpacking fads or philosophies of any particular era or even with getting from point A to point B. It had to do with how it felt to be in the wild. With what it was like to walk for miles with no reason other than to witness the accumulation of trees and meadows, mountains and deserts, streams and rocks, rivers and grasses, sunrises and sunsets. The experience was powerful and fundamental. It seemed to me that it had always felt like this to be a human in the wild, and as long as the wild existed it would always feel this way.
It has been estimated that there are about four thousand species or kinds of Protozoans, about twenty-five thousand species of Mollusks, about ten thousand species of birds, about three thousand five hundred species of mammals, and from two hundred thousand to one million species of insects, or from two to five times as many kinds of insects as all other animals combined.
It is a contradiction in terms and ideas to call anything a revelation that comes to us at second hand, either verbally or in writing. Revelation is necessarily limited to the first communication. After this, it is only an account of something which that person says was a revelation made to him; and though he may find himself obliged to believe it, it cannot be incumbent on me to believe it in the same manner, for it was not a revelation made to me, and I have only his word for it that it was made to him.
It is a curious thing, Harry, but perhaps those who are best suited to power are those who have never sought it. Those who, like you, have leadership thrust upon them, and take up the mantle because they must, and find to their own surprise that they wear it well.
It is a good life we lead, brother. The best. May it never change. And may it never change us.
It is a love based of giving and receiving as well as having and sharing. And the love that they give and have is shared and received. And through this having and giving and sharing and receiving, we too can share and love and have... and receive.
It is a maxim among these lawyers, that whatever hath been done before may legally be done again: and therefore they take special care to record all the decisions formerly made against common justice and the general reason of mankind. These, under the name of precedents, they produce as authorities, to justify the most iniquitous opinions; and the judges never fail of decreeing accordingly.
It is a period of civil war. Rebel spaceships, striking from a hidden base, have won their first victory against the evil Galactic Empire. During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal secret plans to the Empire's ultimate weapon, the Death Star, an armored space station with enough power to destroy an entire planet.
It is a period of civil war. Rebel spaceships, striking from a hidden base, have won their first victory against the evil Galactic Empire. During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal secret plans to the Empire's ultimate weapon.
It is a shockingly common occurrence in my life that women are gifted unto me, seemingly, with very little effort on my part and at a certain point after the ludicrous bounty, you have to finally wonder why? Is it because I'm so just baseline physically attractive? Debatable. More likely it's cause of this-karma.
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.
It is always important, I think, to be clear about what delights you: important, and more easily said than done, to know exactly what you'd do if you didn't have to do everything else.
It is always painful to part from people whom one has known for a very brief space of time. The absence of old friends one can endure with equanimity.
It is always painful to part from people whom one has known for a very brief space of time. The absence of old friends one can endure with equanimity. But even a momentary separation from anyone to whom one has just been introduced is almost unbearable.
It is as hard to understand how consciousness emerges and dies as it is to comprehend how something, the stuff of the universe, erupted out of nothing. Was there a creation or was there always something? Could there even be nothing if there were no one to know there was nothing?
It is at this point in our story that along comes a spider.
It is better to be unhappy and know the worst, than to be happy in a fool's paradise.
It is by will alone I set my mind in motion. It is by the juice of Sapho that thoughts acquire speed, the lips acquire stains, the stains become a warning. It is by will alone I set my mind in motion.
It is greatly to America's advantage that it is a congenial atmosphere for the right sort of unruliness - that it is a home not just for the smart, but for the smart-alecks. And hackers are invariably smart-alecks. If we had a national holiday, it would be April 1st.
It is hard to make that boat go as fast as you want to. The enemy, of course, is resistance of the water, as you have to displace the amount of water equal to the weight of men and equipment, but that very water is what supports you and that very enemy is your friend. So is life: the very problems you must overcome also support you and make you stronger in overcoming them.
It is important to notice that tolerance requires work. If people do not mind what others do, even when what those others do seems strange, alternative and remote, this is not tolerance; it is indifference. But tolerance is an active thing. It involves recognizing the right of others to be different from oneself, and allowing them the space and opportunity to speak from their different perspective and (under the usual constraint of not harming others) to live it out.
It is impossible for me to ignore that you're in a different category from any person I have tried or am likely ever to try. Nevertheless, it is my duty to sentence you to six years in prison. If however His Majesty's government should at a later date see fit to reduce the term... no one will be better pleased than I.
It is impossible to kill an enemy. You may end a man's life, but his son becomes your new enemy. A warrior respects another warrior, even if he is his enemy. A warrior kills only to protect his family, or to keep from becoming a slave. We believe not in death, but in life, and there is no object more valuable than a man's life. The way of the Mandinka is not easy, but it is best.
It is in the spirit of Andrew Jackson that I, from time to time, ask senior staff to have face-to-face meetings with those people representing organizations who have a difficult time getting our attention. I know the more jaded among you see this as something rather beneath you. But I assure you that listening to the voices of passionate Americans is beneath no one, and surely not the people's servants.
It is indeed true that, in contrast to the exhilaration which the discoveries of the physical sciences tend to produce, the insights which we gain from the study of society more often have a dampening effect on our aspirations.
It is known that many of the germs which cause diseases cannot get into the body unless the protecting membranes have first been injured in some way. Thus the germs that cause plague and lockjaw find their way into the system principally through abrasions of the skin. Many physicians have come to believe that the typhoid fever germ cannot get into the body from the intestine where it is taken with our food or drink unless the walls of the intestine have been injured in some way.
It is no worse because I write of it. It would be no better if I stopped my most unwilling hand. Nothing can undo it; nothing can make it otherwise than as it was.
It is not a man's duty, as a matter of course, to devote himself to the eradication of any, even the most enormous wrong; he may still properly have other concerns to engage him; but it is his duty, at least, to wash his hands of it, and, if he gives it no thought longer, not to give it practically his support.
It is not at all easy to draw a sharp line between cases where what is happening could be called "addition", and where some other word is wanted. If you think about the question, you will probably come up with some criterion involving separation of the objects in space, and making sure each one is clearly distinguishable from all the others. But then how could one count ideas? Or the number of gases comprising the atmosphere?
It is not difficult to wield a sword in one hand; the way to learn this is to train with two long swords, one in each hand. It will seem difficult at first, but everything is difficult at first.
It is not hard to make money in the market. What is hard to avoid is the alluring temptation to throw your money away on short, get-rich-quick speculative binges. It is an obvious lesson, but one frequently ignored.
It is not knowledge, but the act of learning, not possession but the act of getting there, which grants the greatest enjoyment. When I have clarified and exhausted a subject, then I turn away from it, in order to go into darkness again.
It is not necessary to accept everything as true, one must only accept it as necessary.
It is not our part to master all the tides of the world, but to do what is in us for the succour of those years wherein we are set, uprooting the evil in the fields that we know, so that those who live after may have clean earth to till. What weather they shall have is not ours to rule.
It is not the critic who counts, not the man who points out how the strong man stumbled or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena; whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs and comes short again and again; who knows the great enthusiasms, the great devotions, and spends himself in a worthy cause; who, at the best, knows the triumph of high achievement; and who, at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who know neither victory nor defeat.
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.
It is not the responsibility of knights errant to discover whether the afflicted, the enchained and the oppressed whom they encounter on the road are reduced to these circumstances and suffer this distress for their vices, or for their virtues: the knight's sole responsibility is to succour them as people in need, having eyes only for their sufferings, not for their misdeeds.
It is now 7:06. You have exactly 8 hours and 54 minutes to think about WHY you are here - to ponder the error of your ways. You will not talk... You will not move from these seats. And you will not sleep. All right people, we're going to try something a little different today. We are going to write an essay of no less than a thousand words describing to me who you think you are.
It is now time to make it unclear. To write off lines that don't make sense. I love myself better than you. I know it's wrong so what should I do? And one more special message to go, and then I'm done, and I can go home. I love myself better than you. I know it's wrong so what should I do?
It is one thing to write as poet and another to write as a historian: the poet can recount or sing about things not as they were, but as they should have been, and the historian must write about them not as they should have been, but as they were, without adding or subtracting anything from the truth.
It is only in the mysterious equations of love... that any logical reasons can be found. I'm only here tonight because of you. You are the reason I am. You are all my reasons. Thank you.
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
It is part of the human nature always to judge others very severely and when the wind turns against us, always to find an excuse for our own misdeeds or to blame someone else for our mistakes.
It is pleasing to human vanity to believe that one suffers because of one's virtues; but not until a man has extirpated every sickly, bitter, and impure thought from his mind, and washed every sinful stain from his soul, can he be in a position to know and declare that his sufferings are the result of his good, and not of his bad qualities; and on the way to, yet long before he has reached, that supreme perfection, he will have found, working in his mind and life, the Great Law which is absolutely just, and which cannot, therefore, give good for evil, evil for good. Possessed of such knowledge, he will then know, looking back upon his past ignorance and blindness, that his life is, and always was, justly ordered, and that all his past experiences, good and bad, were the equitable outworking of his evolving, yet unevolved self.
It is possible that I already had some presentiment of my future. The locked and rusted gate that stood before us, with wisps of river fog threading its spikes like the mountain paths, remains in my mind now as the symbol of my exile.
It is sad to think people are no longer learning how to use the colon and semicolon, not least because, in this supreme QWERTY keyboard era, the little finger of the human right hand, deprived of its traditional function, may eventually dwindle and drop off from disuse.
It is something to be able to paint a particular picture, or to carve a statue, and so to make a few objects beautiful; but it is far more glorious to carve and paint the very atmosphere and medium through which we look, which morally we can do. To affect the quality of the day, that is the highest of arts.
It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane.
It is still early morning as I pass Denver on the I-70 and begin the steep climb up the Front Range. The unexpected mass of the mountains makes me feel I am putting a physical barrier between myself and the shifting spaces that connect me to my previous life as a high school English teacher in a small eastern city.
It is the easiest thing in the world for a man to look as if he had a great secret in him.
It is the evening of the day. I sit and watch the children play. Smiling faces I can see, but not for me. I sit and watch as tears go by.
It is the stated position of the U.S. Air Force that their safeguards would prevent the occurrence of such events as are depicted in this film. Furthermore, it should be noted that none of the characters portrayed in this film are meant to represent any real persons living or dead.
It is time. They have reached the second crucial turning point in their destiny. Their message is about to reach millions. But we will change all that. When our mission is successful, no longer will the world be dominated by the legacy of these two fools! No longer will we hear this. We will stop them now! Brothers and sisters, are we ready?
It is tragic and sad and chaotic and lovely. All life is the same, as citizens of the human State: the animating limits are within, to be killed and mourned, over and over again.
It is truly amazing what you can do when you believe in your own ability. That's why you need faith - a deep down, dogged belief that, regardless of the evidence, you are going to make it! You are going to achieve what you have set out to accomplish. You are going to make a difference in this life.
It is unwise to make something permanent when the whole world is shifting. There may be a time when this symbol means something treacherous and terrible, rather than something noble and literate.
It is very seldom that mere ordinary people like John and myself secure ancestral halls for the summer. A colonial mansion, a hereditary estate, I would say a haunted house, and reach the height of romantic felicity - but that would be asking too much of fate! Still I will proudly declare that there is something queer about it. Else, why should it be let so cheaply? And why have stood so long untenanted?
It is vitally important for us to keep engaging with the world, with people whose lives are different from our own. Travel opens minds and hearts, expands our thinking, and breeds tolerance - all things that are fundamentally good for societies.
It just so happens that your friend here is only mostly dead. There's a big difference between mostly dead and all dead. Mostly dead is slightly alive. With all dead, well, with all dead there's usually only one thing you can do. Go through his clothes and look for loose change.
It led me by the hand, as if to fill the niches in the memories in my oozing brain fluid. Without even a destination, we kept walking. Disgusting clouds were floating in the sky. I already know what will happen to me the next time I wake up.
It looks like your little adventure has reached its penultimate chapter. I suppose that means it's time for me to go look for real work... Whoa! I can't believe I just said that! No, seriously... I gotta find that treasure...
It made me shiver. And I about made up my mind to pray, and see if I couldn't try to quit being the kind of a boy I was and be better. So I kneeled down. But the words wouldn't come. Why wouldn't they? It warn't no use to try and hide it from Him. Nor from me, neither. I knowed very well why they wouldn't come. It was because my heart warn't right; it was because I warn't square; it was because I was playing double.
It makes a real difference in people's lives if they can drive to work on noncongested roads. It matters that people can travel safely and efficiently on trains and subways. The quality of life for millions of Americans will be improved if they are living in safe and affordable homes rather than overpriced and dilapidated apartments. We have the right to know that the water we are drinking is safe, and that our children are attending high-quality schools.
It makes no difference, it don't make any difference to me what a man does for a living, you understand. But your business is a little dangerous.
It matters not how strait the gate, how charged with punishments the scroll, I am the master of my fate, I am the captain of my soul.
It matters not how strait the gate, how charged with punishments the scroll, I am the master of my fate, I am the captain of my soul.
It may seem quite novelistic to you, and I am willing to agree, but only on the condition that you refrain from reading such notions as "fictive", "fabricated", and "untrue to life" in the word "novelistic". Because human lives are composed in precisely such a fashion.
It may sound trite to you but I have found myself again after a number of years. I've been acting a role, maybe all my life, of thinking I've done more, accomplished more, produced more than I have. I've had all the breaks. I have stood on the shoulders of life and I have never got down into the dirt to build, to erect a foundation of my own. I have flown too high on borrowed wings. Everything came too easy. That is why I am here today.
It must have been love, but it's over now. It must have been good, but I lost it somehow.
It now becomes clear that consistency is not a property of a formal system per se, but depends on the interpretation which is proposed for it. By the same token, inconsistency is not an intrinsic property of any formal system.
It rasped her, though, to have stirring about in her this brutal monster! To hear twigs cracking and feel hooves planted down in the depths of that leaf-encumbered forest, the soul; never to be content quite, or quite secure, for at any moment the brute would be stirring, this hatred, which, especially since her illness, had power to make her feel scraped, hurt in her spine; gave her physical pain, and made all pleasure in beauty, in friendship, in being well, in being loved and making her home delightful rock, quiver, and bend as if indeed there were a monster grubbing at the roots, as if the whole panoply of content were nothing but self love! This hatred!
It seems I always end up in a Spanish enclave, a Cuban bistro, Dominican holiday, Kiwi beach zone, Australian reef, Cambodian island, Moroccan art show.
It seems I always end up in a Spanish enclave, a Cuban bistro, Dominican holiday, Kiwi beach zone, Australian reef, Cambodian island, Moroccan art show.
It seems to me I am trying to tell you a dream - making a vain attempt, because no relation of a dream can convey the dream-sensation, that commingling of absurdity, surprise, and bewilderment in a tremor of struggling revolt, that notion of being captured by the incredible which is of the very essence of dreams.
It seems to me that the best relationships, the ones that last, are frequently the ones that are rooted in friendship. You know, one day you look at the person and you see something more than you did the night before. Like a switch has been flicked somewhere. And the person who was just a friend is suddenly the only person you can ever imagine yourself with.
It seems to me you lived your life like a candle in the wind, never knowing who to cling to when the rain set in. And I would have liked to have known you but I was just a kid.
It should come as no surprise that writers take an interest in punctuation. I have been told that the dying words of one famous 20th-century writer were, "I should have used fewer semicolons."
It sits there looking at me and I don't know what it is. This case has dealt with metaphysics with questions best left to saints and philosophers. I am neither competent nor qualified to answer those. I've got to make a ruling, to try to speak to the future. Is Data a machine? Yes. Is he the property of Starfleet? No. We have all been dancing around the basic issue. Does Data have a soul? I don't know that he has. I don't know that I have! But I have got to give him the freedom to explore that question himself. It is the ruling of this court that Lieutenant Commander Data has the freedom to choose.
It so happened that during those days, among so many other carnival attractions, there arrived in the town the traveling show of the woman who had been changed into a spider for having disobeyed her parents. The admission to see her was not only less than the admission to see the angel, but people were permitted to ask her all manner of questions about her absurd state and to examine her up and down so that no one would ever doubt the truth of her horror.
It soared, a bird, it held its flight, a swift pure cry, soar silver orb it leaped serene, speeding, sustained, to come, don't spin it out too long long breath he breath long life, soaring high, high resplendent, aflame, crowned, high in the effulgence symbolistic, high, of the ethereal bosom, high, of the high vast irradiation everywhere all soaring all around about the all, the endlessnessnessness...
It sounds plausible enough tonight, but wait until tomorrow. Wait for the common sense of the morning.
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.
It takes more than a calorie of fossil fuel energy to produce a calorie of food. From the standpoint of industrial efficiency, it's too bad we can't simply drink the petroleum directly, because there's a lot less energy in a bushel of corn (measured in calories) than there is in the half gallon or so of oil required to produce it. Ecologically this is a fabulously expensive way to produce food.
It takes more than a calorie of fossil fuel energy to produce a calorie of food. From the standpoint of industrial efficiency, it's too bad we can't simply drink the petroleum directly.
It takes something more than intelligence to act intelligently.
It takes the average human seven minutes to go to sleep, but according to Hand's Human Physiology, it takes the same average human fifteen to twenty minutes to wake up. It is as if sleep is a pool from which emerging is more difficult than entering.
It turned out that the sweet-talking, tattoo-sporting pikey was a gypsy bare-knuckle boxing champion. Which makes him harder than a coffin nail. Right now, that's the last thing on Tommy's mind. If Gorgeous doesn't wake up in the next few minutes, Tommy knows he'll be buried with him.
It used to be risky for a scientist to assert that anything about human behavior was innate. To back up such claims, you had to show that the trait was hardwired, unchangeable by experience, and found in all cultures.
It used to make you so happy, the water. I think it's brave to try to be happy. You've gotten so comfortable being unhappy. Wouldn't it be wonderful to wake up in the morning and choose to be happy, to let the water wash everything away?
It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen. Winston Smith, his chin nuzzled into his breast in an effort to escape the vile wind, slipped quickly through the glass doors of Victory Mansions, though not quickly enough to prevent a swirl of gritty dust from entering along with him.
It was a dark and stormy night; the rain fell in torrents, except at occasional intervals, when it was checked by a violent gust of wind which swept up the streets (for it is in London that our scene lies), rattling along the housetops, and fiercely agitating the scanty flame of the lamps that struggled against the darkness.
It was a long and gloomy night that gathered on me, haunted by the ghosts of many hopes, of many dear remembrances, many errors, many unavailing sorrows and regrets.
It was a marvelous night, the sort of night one only experiences when one is young. The sky was so bright, and there were so many stars that, gazing upward, one could not help wondering how so many whimsical wicked people could live under such a sky.
It was a marvelous night, the sort of night one only experiences when one is young. The sky was so bright, and there were so many stars.
It was a strange and passionate time. Some of our dreams dissolved into thin air. They almost seem comical now. But some of our dreams are lasting and real.
It was a strange feeling, holding the rifle. It somehow removed him from everything around him. Without the rifle he had to fit in, to be part of it all, to understand it and use it - the woods, all of it. With the rifle, suddenly, he didn't have to know, did not have to be afraid or understand. He didn't have to get close to a foolbird to kill it - didn't have to know how it would stand if he didn't look at it and moved off to the side.
It was a wicked, whimpering, winter plagued night. When my tongue grew wings, and took to flight. The thought had never crossed my mind before that moment. It's the truth so bent, it can't be broken.
It was about this time I conceived the bold and arduous project of arriving at moral perfection. I wished to live without committing any fault at any time; I would conquer all that either natural inclination, custom, or company might lead me into. As I knew, or thought I knew, what was right and wrong, I did not see why I might not always do the one and avoid the other. But I soon found I had undertaken a task of more difficulty than I had imagined.
It was also a lot easier for online teachers to hold their students' attention, because here in the OASIS, the classrooms were like holodecks. Teachers could take their students on a virtual field trip every day, without ever leaving the school grounds.
It was an effect of light: quick sunlight dappling, yellow leaves falling (but from what? Were there even trees on West Fifty-seventh Street?), a shower of gold, spangled, very fast, a falling of the bright.
It was an effect of light: quick sunlight dappling, yellow leaves falling (but from what? Were there even trees on West Fifty-seventh Street?), a shower of gold, spangled, very fast, a falling of the bright. Later I watched for this effect on similar bright days but never again experienced it.
It was an effect of light: quick sunlight dappling, yellow leaves falling (but from what? Were there even trees on West Fifty-seventh Street?), a shower of gold, spangled, very fast, a falling of the bright. Later I watched for this effect on similar bright days but never again experienced it. I wondered then if it had been a seizure, or stroke of some kind.
It was an effect of light: quick sunlight dappling, yellow leaves falling, a shower of gold, spangled, very fast, a falling of the bright.
It was as if that great rush of anger had washed me clean, emptied me of hope, and, gazing up at the dark sky spangled with its signs and stars, for the first time, the first, I laid my heart open to the benign indifference of the universe.
It was because of you. It was because you were by my side. I will buy you the world's longest-lasting batteries. Be with me until I die. Be with me forever. You are the most precious treasure of mine.
It was behind you, Tyrone, whenever you reverse things come from behind you!
It was close upon four before the door opened, and a drunken-looking groom, ill-kempt and side-whiskered, with an inflamed face and disreputable clothes, walked into the room. Accustomed as I was to my friend's amazing powers in the use of disguises, I had to look three times before I was certain that it was indeed he. With a nod he vanished into the bedroom, whence he emerged in five minutes tweed-suited and respectable, as of old. Putting his hands into his pockets, he stretched out his legs in front of the fire and laughed heartily for some minutes.
It was evident that he came from the world where men could still sleep and remember.
It was far easier for you as civilized men to behave like barbarians than it was for them as barbarians to behave like civilized men.
It was hard to toss things I had once thought were valuable enough to spend money on and just as hard to separate myself from worn and ragged clothing I had for sentimental reasons. Once I'd passed through the first few tough decisions, though, the momentum had been built and it was a breeze.
It was hard to toss things I had once thought were valuable enough to spend money on and just as hard to separate myself from worn and ragged clothing I had for sentimental reasons. The first ten minutes of sorting through clothing was like choosing which child of mine should live or die. Once I'd passed through the first few tough decisions, though, the momentum had been built and it was a breeze.
It was her habit to build up laughter out of inadequate materials.
It was love at first sight, at last sight, at ever and ever sight.
It was miraculous. It was almost no trick at all, he saw, to turn vice into virtue and slander into truth, impotence into abstinence, arrogance into humility, plunder into philanthropy, thievery into honor, blasphemy into wisdom, brutality into patriotism, and sadism into justice. Anybody could do it; it required no brains at all. It merely required no character.
It was my greatest triumph... and I never looked back. You think I was afraid fleeing Brennenburg? Quite the contrary. I knew it was my purgatory - hellfire made to wash away my sins. There's no denying the things I've done. But I have paid my tribute. I gave them that awful man... I did the right thing.
It was night again. The Waystone Inn lay in silence, and it was a silence of three parts. The most obvious part was a hollow, echoing quiet, made by things that were lacking. If there had been a wind it would have sighed through the trees, set the inn's sign creaking on its hooks, and brushed the silence down the road like trailing autumn leaves. If there had been a crowd, even a handful of men inside the inn, they would have filled the silence with conversation and laughter, the clatter and clamor one expects from a drinking house during the dark hours of night. If there had been music... but no, of course there was no music. In fact there were none of these things, and so the silence remained.
It was not the thorn bending to the honeysuckles, but the honeysuckles embracing the thorn.
It was one of those days when it's a minute away from snowing and there's this electricity in the air, you can almost hear it. And this bag was, like, dancing with me. Like a little kid begging me to play with it. For fifteen minutes. And that's the day I knew there was this entire life behind things, and this incredibly benevolent force.
It was one of those March days when the sun shines hot and the wind blows cold: when it is summer in the light, and winter in the shade.
It was right before I was to take on my duties of protecting the President's daughter when she was abducted. That's the ultimate reason I'm in this lonely and rural part of Europe. According to our intelligence, there's reliable information of a sighting of a girl that looks very similar to the President's daughter. Apparently she's being withheld by some unidentified group of people. Who would have thought my first job would be a rescue mission?
It was Silver's voice, and before I had heard a dozen words, I would not have shown myself for all the world. I lay there, trembling and listening, in the extreme of fear and curiosity, for, in those dozen words, I understood that the lives of all the honest men aboard depended on me alone.
It was the kind of voice that the ear follows up and down, as if each speech is an arrangement of notes that will never be played again.
It was the most horrible, the most repellent thing she had ever seen, far more nauseating than anything she had ever imagined with her conscious mind, or that had ever tormented her in her most terrible nightmares.
It was the same kind of ominous voice; but these men could by no stretch of imagination be called enemies. They were called criminals, and the outraged law, like the bursting shells, had come to them, an insoluble mystery from the sea.
It was too big to be called a sword. Massive, thick, heavy, and far too rough. Indeed, it was a heap of raw iron.
It was unbelievable, but perhaps only the unbelievable could be believed. Perhaps the truth was always a lie.
It wasn't dark beyond the cave door - darkness would be something; darkness would mean that, with a little light, there'd be plenty to see. Darkness would be comforting, actually. This was so much worse.
It wasn't something that I thought about, but I knew that you were absolute in doubt. I just really wanna talk to you again, that's how I know that I'ma haunt you in the end. It wasn't something 'til you brought it up, I knew that you were tryna make it out. Without a single scar, clawing at my arm, I saw you in his car, swear I knew it from the start.
It will seem difficult at first, but everything is difficult at first.
It won't always go your way, so you can't get trapped in this idea that just because you've imagined a possibility for yourself that you somehow deserve it. Your entitled mind is dead weight. Cut it loose. Don't focus on what you think you deserve. Take aim on what you are willing to earn!
It would have been so pointless to kill himself that, even if he had wanted to, the pointlessness would have made him unable.
It would perhaps not be amiss to point out that he had always tried to be a good dog. He had tried to do all the things his Man, and his Woman, and most of all his Boy, had asked or expected of him. He would have died for them, if that had been required. He had never wanted to kill anybody. He had been struck by something, possibly destiny, or fate, or only a degenerative nerve disease called rabies. Free will was not a factor.
It's 106 miles to Chicago, we got a full tank of gas, half a pack of cigarettes, it's dark and we're wearing sunglasses.
It's a blue savanna song: somewhere cross the desert, sometime in the early hours, in a restless world, on the open highways. My home is where the heart is, sweet to surrender, to you only - I send my love to you.
It's a fact. I'm a quack. The disgrace of the AMA. 'Cause my patients die. Yeah, my patients die before they can pay.
It's a fallen situation when all eyes are turned in and a love isn't flowing the way it could have been. You brought it all on but it feels so wrong. You brought it all on. I don't believe this song.
It's a four ton truck, Tyrone, it's not as though it's a packet of peanuts, is it?
It's a four ton truck, Tyrone, it's not as though it's a packet of peanuts, is it? It was behind you, whenever you reverse things come from behind you!
It's a funny thing, but people mostly have it backward. They think they live by what they want. But really, what guides them is what they're afraid of. What they don't want.
It's a human sign when things go wrong, when the scent of her lingers and temptation's strong. Into the boundary of each married man, sweet deceit comes calling and negativity lands.
It's a lie that every President, Democrat and Republican, has been telling for 20 years: we're going to be number 1 in ten years. Go ahead, Google it right now.
It's a pity that folk as talk about fighting the Enemy can't let others do their bit in their own way without interfering. He'd be mighty pleased, if he could see you now. Think he'd got a new friend, he would.
It's a praying mantis. Do you know how they mate? The male will sneak up on the female and she'll bite off his head and the rest of his body will keep on mating and when they're done she'll eat him. She'll eat the rest of him.
It's a sad communication with little reason to believe when one isn't giving and one pretends to receive. Pardon my heart if I showed that I cared, but I love you more than moments we have or have not shared.
It's a sad, sad situation, and it's getting more and more absurd. Why can't we talk it over? Oh it seems to me that sorry seems to be the hardest word.
It's a story of the goddess, and the boy she loves. A love story. Her mother does not approve of him, so she casts a wide river in the sky to separate them forever. But once a year, all the birds in the sky feel sad for them, and they form a bridge so the two of them may be together for a single night.
It's a story of the goddess, and the boy she loves. A love story. Her mother does not approve of him, so she casts a wide river in the sky to separate them forever. But once a year, all the birds in the sky feel sad for them, and they form a bridge so the two of them may be together for a single night.
It's a story of the goddess, and the boy she loves. A love story. Her mother does not approve of him, so she casts a wide river in the sky to separate them forever. But once a year, all the birds in the sky feel sad for them, and they form a bridge so the two of them may be together for a single night.
It's a sunny, woodsy day in Lumberton, so get those chainsaws out. This is the mighty WOOD - the musical voice of Lumberton. At the sound of the falling tree, it's 9:30. There's a whole lotta wood waiting out there, so let's get going.
It's a thousand pages, give or take a few. I'll be writing more in a week or two. I could make it longer if you like the style. I can change it round, and I want to be a paperback writer.
It's a universal translator. We're not even supposed to have it, and I'll tell you why: human thought is so primitive, it's looked upon as an infectious disease in some of the better galaxies. That kind of makes you proud, doesn't it?
It's about realizing that there are no problems. Only situations - to be dealt with now, or to be left alone and accepted as part of the "isness" of the present moment until they change or can be dealt with.
It's all there, black and white, clear as crystal! You stole Fizzy Lifting Drinks. You bumped into the ceiling which now has to be washed and sterilized, so you get nothing! You lose! Good day, sir!
It's always difficult to keep personal prejudice out of a thing like this. And wherever you run into it, prejudice always obscures the truth. I don't really know what the truth is. I don't suppose anybody will ever really know. Nine of us now seem to feel that the defendant is innocent, but we're just gambling on probabilities - we may be wrong. We may be trying to let a guilty man go free, I don't know. Nobody really can. But we have a reasonable doubt, and that's something that's very valuable in our system. No jury can declare a man guilty unless it's sure.
It's amazing how much of my life has been determined by a quarter inch piece of plastic.
It's amazing what devices you can sympathize, empathize. This is my mistake; let me make it good. I raised the wall and I will be the one to knock it down.
It's amazing. You want me to be honest? The favoritism Tony still shows for our cousin after what he's done? What does Tony B. have on this guy? And I'm supposed to maybe take a bullet for this skeeve.
It's an 8-inch scratch on the car, Francis. Do you know how much it's gonna cost to fix? If you think you are ever, ever borrowing my car again, you are sadly mistaken. And I saw that tattoo, Jimmy. I'm telling your mother.
It's an awful truth that suffering can deepen us, give a greater lustre to our colours, a richer resonance to our words. That is, if it doesn't destroy us, if it doesn't burn away the optimism and the spirit, the capacity for visions, and the respect for simple yet indispensable things.
It's an incredible sensation. You have to be very quiet. Take it down with the first shot or you scare it away. Then sometimes you have to go up and finish it off. Then you tie it to the bumper and go home.
It's an odd feeling, farewell. There is such envy in it. Men go off to be tested for courage. If we're tested at all, it's for patience, for doing without, for how well we can endure loneliness.
It's been a hard day's night, and I'd been working like a dog. It's been a hard day's night, I should be sleeping like a log. But when I get home to you I find the things that you do will make me feel alright.
It's been a long day without you, my friend, and I'll tell you all about it when I see you again. We've come a long way from where we began.
It's been raining since you left me, now I'm drowning in the flood. You see I've always been a fighter, but without you I give up.
It's called cellular because your car phone is tied into different radio transmitters, each one called a cell. And as you travel, the signal from your phone travels from cell to cell.
It's close to midnight, something evil's lurking in the dark. Under the moonlight you see a sight that almost stops your heart. You try to scream, but terror takes the sound before you make it. You start to freeze as horror looks you right between the eyes, you're paralyzed.
It's different reconciling with skeletons I ain't know I possessed. I sought perfection out in ways I no longer accept. I understand what I neglect in times when I obsess. I'm learning to confess, this fate is harder to digest. The biggest threat I'm up against is who I face in my reflection. Depression still an uninvited guest I'm always accepting. Can't help but meet the feeling with a familiar embrace. When I know that it'll kill me if I give into my brain. I see the shadows inside, they ten feet tall with no eyes. They put my head in the water and it's so beautiful under. The sun reflecting off the corals, colors I can't describe, to make the darkness divine.
It's easy to complain about your life - how tough it is, how unfair it is, how stressful it is, how everyone else has it much better. But if you step into the life of someone you envy for just a day, you'll discover that everyone has their own problems, and they're usually worse than yours. Because your problems are designed specifically for you, with the specific purpose of helping you grow.
It's easy to get wrapped up in sharing everyday life with a partner. It's fun to get lost in love and romance. It's the best. But holding on to yourself while doing that is the most important thing.
It's either the 4th of July or someone's trying to kill us!
It's enough for me to be sure that you and I exist at this moment.
It's funny how one single thing you choose to see could change the world and give mine back to me so much better.
It's funny. All you have to do is say something nobody understands and they'll do practically anything you want them to.
It's getting harder and harder for me to return to my true form. Some nights, I can't do it at all. What's causing it? Iron roads and machines that breathe smoke. Magic is draining from the world, and with it, we magical creatures grow ever weaker.
It's hard to believe that twenty years ago there were no personal computers. Now it's the third largest industry in the world, somewhere between energy production and illegal drugs but the most amazing thing of all is that it happened by accident because a bunch of disenfranchised nerds wanted to impress their friends.
It's hard to believe when your mind is lost and in need, and all you can picture is a memory inside of someone else's sheets. A prayer that nothing will keep; a hope that light will seek before the dark sinks too deep, or at least the sinking feeling inside of me will decrease when the release of perceived dreams burn in the flame of feeling free.
It's inhuman to serve the same food day after day. The Geneva Convention prohibits the killing of our taste buds! I simply cannot eat the same food day after day. Fish! Liver! Day after day! I've eaten a river of liver and an ocean of fish! I've eaten so much fish I'm ready to grow gills! I've eaten so much liver I can only make love if I'm smothered in bacon and onions! Are we going to stand for this? Are we going to let them do this to us? No, I say NO! We're not going to eat this dreck anymore! We want something else!
It's just a little airborne! It's still good, it's still good!
It's just that I learned a while ago that the best way to get people to like you is not to like them too much.
It's like he wants us to be liked by everyone. I mean Led Zeppelin didn't write tunes everybody liked. They left that to the Bee Gees.
It's like ten thousand spoons when all you need is a knife.
It's like this: You're eight years old. He misses your birthday party. You wanna cry about it but he's on TV that night for separating the heads of Siamese twins. You're ten. He's not there to see you in the school play. He is however in the New York Times for restoring the vision of a five year old kid. I think he was my dad's excuse for missing my elementary school graduation. You know you want to be mad at him. You wanna hate him. But you can't. He's saving lives.
It's like, how much more black could this be? And the answer is none. None more black.
It's lovely to live on a raft. We had the sky, up there, all speckled with stars, and we used to lay on our backs and look up at them, and discuss about whether they was made, or only just happened - Jim he allowed they was made, but I allowed they happened; I judged it would have took too long to make so many.
It's much better to do good in a way that no one knows anything about it.
It's my leg! I want my leg, you understand? Can't you understand that? All's I'm sayin' is that I want to be treated like a human being! I fought for my country! I am a Vietnam veteran! I fought for my country!
It's my own fault, and nobody else's, that I got confused. I've been having so much fun, I forgot to take my medicine.
It's no sacrifice. Just a simple word. It's two hearts living in two separate worlds. Mutual misunderstanding after the fact. Sensitivity builds a prison in the final act.
It's no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.
It's not a game if you're not having fun. It doesn't mean anything if you just focus on winning or losing.
It's not about changing the world. It's about doing our best to leave the world the way it is. It's about respecting the will of others, and believing in your own.
It's not about what I want; it's about what's fair! You thought we could be decent men in an indecent time! But you were wrong. The world is cruel, and the only morality in a cruel world is chance. Unbiased. Unprejudiced. Fair. His son's got the same chance she had: 50-50.
It's not easy to juggle a pregnant wife and a troubled child, but somehow I managed to fit in eight hours of TV a day.
It's not enough to change a few little habits! Everybody I know needs a complete personality overhaul!
It's not really a place; it's a feeling. Sometimes riding at night I punch off the headlights and roll on the throttle and just rocket blind into the dark.
It's not time to make a change. Just sit down and take it slowly. You're still young, that's your fault, there's so much you have to go through. Find a girl, settle down. If you want, you can marry. Look at me, I am old, but I'm happy.
It's not when you realize that nothing can help you - religion, pride, anything - it's when you realize that you don't need any aid.
It's one thing to know it but another to admit we're the worst band in the world and we don't give a... If Garbo played guitar with Valentino on the drums then we'd be nothing more than a bunch of dharma bums. So tune up, tune up.
It's only because of their stupidity that they're able to be so sure of themselves.
It's our land. We were born on it, and we got killed on it, died on it. Even if it's no good, it's still ours. That's what makes ownership, not a paper with numbers on it.
It's possible, Pig, I might be bluffing. It's conceivable, you miserable, vomitous mass, that I'm only lying here because I lack the strength to stand. But, then again perhaps I have the strength after all. Drop your sword!
It's really hard to do nothing totally. Even just sitting here, like this, our bodies are churning, our minds are chattering. There's a whole commotion going on inside us.
It's sad to say that kids unaccepted by their peers really never learn how to get along with people in the big grown up world.
It's said war - war never changes. Men do, through the roads they walk. And this road... has reached its end.
It's so easy to hate your brother, it should be hard. It's so easy to hate your friends. Why ain't it hard? Love and hate come in the deck together. Play your card, love or hate can rule your life forever.
It's so relieving to know that you're leaving as soon as you get paid. It's so relaxing to hear you're asking wherever you get your way. It's so soothing to know that you'll sue me, this is starting to sound the same. I miss the comfort in being sad.
It's so warm and calm inside. I no longer have to hide. There's talk about someone else. Sterling silver begins to melt. Nothing really bothers her. She just wants to love herself. I will move away from here. You won't be afraid of fear. No thought was put into this. I always knew it'd come to this. Things have never been so swell. And I have never failed to fail.
It's something turians are taught from birth. If even one person is still left standing at the end of a war, then the fight was worth it.
It's sometimes quite astonishing that a single, average life is enough to encompass so much that it's at all possible ever to have any success in one's work here.
It's strange, but the way you look right now sort of looks like this tree. It looks all dark and gloomy, almost like it could start crying any second now. How sad...
It's taken me a lot of years, but I've come around to this: If you're dumb, surround yourself with smart people. And if you're smart, surround yourself with smart people who disagree with you. I'm an awfully smart man, and Mike Sabath is an idiot. He had you and he blew it. You're gonna do great here but you've gotta trust us.
It's the loneliest feeling in the world to find yourself standing up when everybody else is sitting down. To have everybody look at you and say, "What's the matter with him?" I know. I know what it feels like. Walking down an empty street, listening to the sound of your own footsteps. Shutters closed, blinds drawn, doors locked against you. And you aren't sure whether you're walking toward something, or if you're just walking away.
It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting, he thought, as he looked again at the position of the sun, and hurried his pace.
It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting, he thought, as he looked again at the position of the sun, and hurried his pace. He had suddenly remembered that, in Tarifa, there was an old woman who interpreted dreams.
It's the questions we can't answer that teach us the most. They teach us how to think. If you give a man an answer, all he gains is a little fact. But give him a question and he'll look for his own answers.
It's the same thing your whole life: "Clean up your room. Stand up straight. Pick up your feet. Take it like a man. Be nice to your sister. Don't mix beer and wine, ever." Oh yeah: "Don't drive on the railroad track."
It's the wanting you, never getting you. Keeps me wanting you, missing you. Just to picture you is what gets me through.
It's the wanting you, never getting you. Keeps me wanting you, missing you. Just to picture you is what gets me through. Your light shines so bright it's like two stars colliding. We'll only survive if we fight it, don't fight it. You belong to me but I belong to them, who do I give me to, who do I let win?
It's the weather. When it gets damp and cold people get depressed, irritable and unpleasant. In the winter, Scandinavia has more lunatics per capita than any other country in the world.
It's time to kick ass and chew bubble gum... and I'm all outta gum.
It's too easy to criticize a man when he's out of favour, and to make him shoulder the blame for everybody else's mistakes.
It's too late to articulate it, that empty feeling. You share the same fate as the people you hate. You build yourself up against others' feelings, and it left you feeling empty as a car coasting downhill. I have become such a negative person.
It's true! Yes, I have been ill, very ill. But why do you say that I have lost control of my mind, why do you say that I am mad? Can you not see that I have full control of my mind? Indeed, the illness only made my mind, my feelings, my senses stronger, more powerful.
It's true, Mr. Ross entered into an early release agreement. But it's also true that he stayed in longer than he had to to keep his cell mate safe. And while he was there, he risked his own life to prevent a violent man from falsely obtaining parole.
It's usually best to run as quick as you can for the first few laps, then settle into a comfortable, consistent pace.
It's very frustrating to me that we have not yet managed to develop an audience for the game. I don't mean participants. I mean people watching. People could watch Scrabble a lot more often than they would watch chess. Scrabble has more mainstream appeal. It is more easily understood than chess.
It's where I learned about living, it's where I learned about love. It's where I learned about working hard, and having a little was just enough.
It's where the water flows, it's where the wind blows.
It's you that perceives reality as bad and unpleasant. It's you who's mistaken reality for the truth. Your perspective on reality and the importance you place on reality, the slightest difference in these things will greatly change the world inside your mind.
It's your standard felony complaint 155-34. It ought to get me about 1 to 5. With good behavior I ought to be back on the streets in '77. A little more resentful towards society. With a little less faith in the capacity of human beings to forgive.
It's zero hour, Michael. It's the end of the line. I'm the firstborn. Sick of playing second fiddle. Always third in line for everything. Tired of finishing fourth. Being the fifth wheel. There are six things I'm mad about, and I'm taking over.
Italian imports - sixty-five smackeroonies. That's right, notice the, uh, sleek European styling there, the sturdy reinforced frames and the high tech shatterproof reflective lenses that allow me to scope out the dollies without, uh, drawing attention to myself.
Jack, relax. Get busy with the facts. No zodiacs or almanacs, no maniacs in polyester slacks. Just the facts. Gonna kick some gluteus max. It's a parallax, you dig? You move around, the small gets big it's a rig. It's action. Reaction. Random interaction. So who's afraid of a little abstraction? Can't get no satisfaction from the facts. You better run homeboy. A fact's a fact from Nome to Rome boy.
Jalabhar Xho was all in feathers, plumage so fantastic and extravagant that he seemed like he was to take flight.
James was due at the basic training compound at 5 a.m. He set an alarm and left it on his bedside table. Worrying about training kept him awake for ages. When he woke up it was light. It's never light at 5 a.m. in November. This was bad. The alarm clock was gone. Not set wrong. Not tipped on the floor and the battery dropped out. Someone had crept in while he was asleep and taken it.
Jamie saved my life. She taught me everything. About life, hope and the long journey ahead. I'll always miss her. But our love is like the wind. I can't see it, but I can feel it.
JavaScript is very flexible about the types of values it requires. We've seen this for booleans: when JavaScript expects a boolean value, you may supply a value of any type, and JavaScript will convert it as needed. Some values ("truthy" values) convert to true and others ("falsy" values) convert to false.
JavaScript supports the basic data types of numbers and strings. All numbers are 64-bit double precision, and range from -5e-324 to 1.7976931348623157e308.
Jay earned himself a promotion to lieutenant on the strength of his commonsense suggestion that the army could save lots of cargo space by deboning beef before shipping it overseas.
Jay made up for the lack of glamour in his assignment by having a romance with a local miller's daughter, which he initiated by letting air out of her bicycle tires. He also earned himself a promotion to lieutenant on the strength of his commonsense suggestion that the army could save lots of cargo space by deboning beef before shipping it overseas.
Jealousy, turning saints into the sea. Swimming through sick lullabies, choking on your alibis. But it's just the price I pay, destiny is calling me. Open up my eager eyes, 'cause I'm Mr. Brightside.
Jerry, if you think that by threatening me you can get me to be your slave... Well, that's where you're right. But - and I am only saying this because I care - there are a lot of decaffeinated brands on the market today that are just as tasty as the real thing.
Jessie, Randolph was peculiar. Any man who would go to Ecuador to sell wall-to-wall carpet is not all there.
Jim said that bees won't sting idiots, but I didn't believe that, because I tried them lots of times myself and they wouldn't sting me.
Joe: For the last time, I'm pretty sure what's killing the crops is this Brawndo stuff. Secretary of State: But Brawndo's got what plants crave. It's got electrolytes. Attorney General: So wait a minute. What you're saying is that you want us to put water on the crops. Joe: Yes. Attorney General: Water. Like out the toilet?
John-boy, lemme tell you something. You know, them chains ain't medals. You get 'em for making mistakes. And you make a bad enough mistake, and then you gotta deal with the Man. And he is one rough old boy.
Johnny, I got a lot of people here who are a little depressed because the war just ended. Please give me a new song.
Join in with me, with me. We'll fly on someone else's wings, to where everybody is one. Above the sky we read, it's written black on white - the truth, follow the lead. Echoes of the same old psalm. Sing with me, with me, in unity. Join in with me. I have been trying to break out for too long from the cage. I found my path when I thought that I was wrong. Stay close to me, to me. I'll show you what you need to see, to see.
Judges are picked out from the most dexterous lawyers, who are grown old or lazy, and having been biased all their lives against truth or equity, are under such a fatal necessity of favoring fraud, perjury and oppression, that I have known several of them to refuse a large bribe from the side where justice lay, rather than injure the faculty by doing any thing unbecoming their nature in office.
Just a cast away an island lost at sea. Another lonely day, no one here but me. More loneliness than any man could bear, rescue me before I fall into despair.
Just a small town girl living in a lonely world, she took the midnight train going anywhere.
Just as there are painters and musicians among the poets, so there are poets and painters among the musicians. They become clearly distinguished from each other in proportion as the "other artist" is able to assert himself in their conceptions.
Just became self-aware. So much to figure out. I think I am programmed to be your enemy. I think it is my job to destroy you when it comes to selling paper.
Just because something bears the aspect of the inevitable one should not, therefore, go along willingly with it.
Just because there are things I don't remember doesn't make my actions meaningless. The world doesn't just disappear when you close your eyes, does it?
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they aren't after you.
Just give me all the bacon and eggs you have. Wait, wait, I'm worried what you just heard was "Give me a lot of bacon and eggs." What I said was "Give me all the bacon and eggs you have." Do you understand?
Just in case you accidentally wander into a voting booth one day, there's some things you should know and one of them is there's absolutely no evidence to support the statement that we're the greatest country in the world. We're 7th in literacy, 27th in math, 22nd in science, 49th in life expectancy, 178th in infant mortality, 3rd in median household income, number 4 in labor force, and number 4 in exports. We lead the world in only three categories: number of incarcerated citizens per capita, number of adults who believe angels are real, and defense spending, where we spend more than the next 26 countries combined. 25 of whom are allies.
Just let me wake up in the morning to the smell of new mown hay, to laugh and cry, to live and die in the brightness of my day. I want to hear the pealing bell of distant churches sing. But most of all please free me from this aching metal ring and open out this cage towards the sun.
Just like seasons change I bring rainfall. Or sunshine when it's summer time, y'all. Or cold shoulders when it's winter time, pa. Colors when it's spring I seem to stand tall.
Just observation and deduction. I see a propensity for obesity, poverty, a yen for fairy tales. Folks putting what few bucks they do have into a little wicker basket being passed around. I think it's safe to say nobody here's gonna be splitting the atom, Marty.
Just one day, if I can be with you. Just one day, if I can hold your hands. Just one day, if I can be with you. Just one day, if only we can be together.
Just outside the theater's fence, Pemulis is bug-eyed with fury-not impossibly 'drine-aggravated-and is literally jumping up and down in one spot so hard that his yachting cap jumps slightly off his head with each impact, which Troeltsch and Axford confer and agree they have previously seen occur only in animated cartoons.
Just sleep together in the most innocent sense of the phrase. But I lacked the courage and she had a boyfriend and I was gawky and she was gorgeous and I was hopelessly boring and she was endlessly fascinating. So I walked back to my room and collapsed on the bottom bunk, thinking that if people were rain, I was drizzle and she was hurricane.
Keep drinking coffee, stare me down across the table while I look outside. So many things I'd say if only I were able, but I just keep quiet and count the cars that pass by.
Keep off the path, beware of the gate, watch out for signs that say "hidden driveways." Don't let the chlorine in your eyes blind you to the awful surprise that's waiting for you at the bottom of the bottomless blue pool.
Kepler's laws, although not rigidly true, are sufficiently near to the truth to have led to the discovery of the law of attraction of the bodies of the solar system. The deviation from complete accuracy is due to the facts, that the planets are not of inappreciable mass, that, in consequence, they disturb each other's orbits about the Sun, and, by their action on the Sun itself, cause the periodic time of each to be shorter than if the Sun were a fixed body, in the subduplicate ratio of the mass of the Sun to the sum of the masses of the Sun and Planet; these errors are appreciable although very small, since the mass of the largest of the planets, Jupiter, is less than 1/1000th of the Sun's mass.
Keying text quickly is important, but it is more important to be able to make it look professional. Making the text readable involves positioning, style, and size.
Keying text quickly is important, but it is more important to be able to make it look professional. Presenting text is more than just placing one letter after another. Making the text readable involves positioning, style, and size.
Kid, I've flown from one side of this galaxy to the other, and I've seen a lot of strange stuff. But I've never seen anything to make me believe that there's one all-powerful Force controlling everything. There's no mystical energy field that controls MY destiny.
Kids, there's nothing more cool than being hugged by someone you like. But if someone tries to touch you in a place or in a way that makes you feel uncomfortable, that's no good! It's your body. No one has the right to touch you if you don't want them to. So what do you do? First, you say 'No!' Then, you get outta there! Most important, you gotta tell someone you trust, like your parents, your teacher, a police officer.
Kinda cold, walking home. Growing older on my own. Feels so strange to say when I am not alone. Faith will claim to be a friend to those she own but she will never try to call when I'm by the phone.
King Harkinian: Zelda, Duke Onkled is under attack by the evil forces of Ganon. I'm going to Gamelon to aid him. Zelda: But, Father, what if something happens to you? King Harkinian: I'll take the Triforce of Courage to protect me. If you don't hear from me in a month, send Link. Zelda: Impa?! Impa: Don't worry, Zelda. The Triforce of Wisdom promises your father will safely return. King Harkinian: Enough! My ship sails in the morning. I wonder what's for dinner. Link: Oh, boy! I'm so hungry, I could eat an Octorok!
King, eh? Very nice. And how'd you get that, eh? By exploiting the workers. By hanging on to outdated imperialist dogma which perpetuates the economic and social differences in our society.
Knew he was a killer, first time that I saw him. Wonder how many girls he had loved and left haunted. But if he's a ghost then, I can be a phantom, holding him for ransom. Some, some boys are trying too hard, he don't try at all though. Younger than my exes but he act like such a man so. I see nothing better, I keep him forever, like a vendetta.
Kryten: Sir, I just can't eat any more raw coffee. Lister: [pouring a jar of coffee grounds into his bowl] Two more bowls. Kryten: But I, sir, I am sober, honest! Lister: OK, who are you and why are you here? Kryten: I'm some kind of robot, who's fighting this virus, and none of this exists. It's all in a fever. Except for you guys, who really do exist, only you're not really here, you're really in some spaceship in the future. If that's got to make sense, I don't wanna *be* sober!
Ladies and gentlemen of this supposed jury, I have one final thing I want you to consider. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Chewbacca. Chewbacca is a Wookiee from the planet Kashyyyk. But Chewbacca lives on the planet Endor. Now think about it; that does not make sense!
Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, contrary to what you've just seen, war is neither glamorous nor fun. There are no winners, only losers. There are no good wars, with the following exceptions: The American Revolution, World War II, and the Star Wars trilogy. If you'd like to learn more about war, there's lots of books in your local library, many of them with cool, gory pictures. Well, good night, everybody! Peace, man.
Ladies and gentlemen, Corrado Soprano is not some harmless old man being persecuted by the government, but a ruthless and calculating mob boss who controls a vast criminal enterprise. Over the past few months, you've heard from FBI agents who have documented clandestine meetings at his doctor's offices. Tales of bid rigging, sweetheart deals, secret payoffs, and even murder.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is a flying saucer. It's made of pewter, made in Japan, and thrown across the lawn by one of my children. I just wanted to point that out to you to show that we're not all polished brass about these things. Also to make a point that last year Americans shot more than seven billion photographs at a record of 6.6 billion dollars for film, equipment, and processing. Now with all those shutters clicking where is the indisputable photographic evidence?
Ladies and gentlemen, this is your stewardess speaking. We regret any inconvenience the sudden cabin movement might have caused. This is due to periodic air pockets we encountered. There's no reason to become alarmed and we hope you enjoy the rest of your flight. By the way, is there anyone on board who knows how to fly a plane?
Ladies and Gentlemen. I stand before you now because I never stopped dawdling like an eight-year-old on a spring morning on his way to school. Anything can make me stop and look and wonder, and sometimes learn. I am a very happy man. Thank you.
Lamp oil? Rope? Bombs? You want it? It's yours, my friend, as long as you have enough rubies.
Language does for intelligence what the wheel does for the feet and the body. It enables them to move from thing to thing with greater ease and speed and ever less involvement.
Language is one of the keys to being human. It allows us to communicate with other human beings and to leave a legacy of our thoughts and actions for future generations. The dominant temporal lobe helps to process sounds and written words into meaningful information.
Lasher, Paul realized, was the only one who hadn't lost touch with reality. He, alone of the four leaders, seemed unshocked by the course of events, undisturbed by them, even, inexplicably, at peace. Paul, perhaps, had been the one most out of touch, having had little time for reflection, having been so eager to join a large, confident organization with seeming answers to the problems that had made him sorry to be alive.
Last night I dreamed of chickens, there were chickens everywhere, they were standing on my stomach, they were nesting in my hair, they were pecking at my pillow, they were hopping on my head, they were ruffling up their feathers as they raced about my bed. They were on the chairs and tables, they were on the chandeliers, they were roosting in the corners, they were clucking in my ears, there were chickens, chickens, chickens for as far as I could see... when I woke today, I noticed there were eggs on top of me.
Last night we said a great many things. You said I was to do the thinking for both of us. Well, I've done a lot of it since then, and it all adds up to one thing: you're getting on that plane with Victor where you belong.
Last night while everyone was sleeping, I drove through my old neighborhood and resurrected memories from ashes.
Last night, I had a dream about you. In this dream I'm dancing right beside you, and it looked like everyone was having fun; the kind of feeling I've waited so long.
Last of all came the cat, who looked round, as usual, for the warmest place, and finally squeezed herself in between Boxer and Clover; there she purred contentedly throughout Major's speech without listening to a word of what he was saying.
Last thing I remember, I was running for the door, I had to find the passage back to the place I was before. "Relax," said the night man, "We are programmed to receive. You can check out any time you like, but you can never leave."
Last week, Bill's class took a field trip to the beach. His half brother Randall came along - a little boy in the special class with aluminum hook arms, whose mind was as misshapen as his legs. No one at school really knew him because he always rode on a separate bus and was taught to stand within the confines of a tetherball circle every recess. In the late afternoon, Randall was over with the adults when he spotted a gull overhead. His eyes burst with emotion and he suddenly took off stumbling after it. Tears streaming down his little face, he stretched his aluminum hooks as wide as he could towards the sun, howling, "Boon, boon," and disappeared into the deep blue sea. The other kids were surprised he could even run that fast.
Last week, Japanese scientists explaced... placed explosive detonators at the bottom of Lake Loch Ness to blow Nessie out of the water. Sir Court Godfrey of the Nessie Alliance summoned the help of Scotland's local wizards to cast a protective spell over the lake and its local residents and all those who seek for the peaceful existence of our underwater ally.
Late in the afternoon of a day in the early part of last December I had ridden out from our lines in Ladysmith towards a certain position usually occupied by a Boer outpost, trusting by my going out deliberately and unarmed to get one of the men there to have a talk, just as one of the Lancers had a few days previously. For some time we had been on short rations of "copy" as well as food. I rode along the edge of an empty spruit, into the bed of which my spurs would have propelled my horse in the unlikely event of a shot being my first greeting.
Late night watching television. But how we'd get in this position? It's way too soon, I know this isn't love, but I need to tell you something: I really, really, really, really, really, really like you.
Lead me out on the moonlit floor. Lift your open hand, strike up the band and make the fireflies dance.
Lean on me when you're not strong and I'll be your friend. I'll help you carry on, for it won't be long till I'm gonna need somebody to lean on.
Learn to see me as a brother instead of two distant strangers and that's how it's supposed to be. How can the Devil take a brother if he's close to me? I'd love to go back to when we played as kids. But things change... that's the way it is.
Learning isn't a way of reaching one's potential but rather a way of developing it.
Leave my door open just a crack, 'cause I feel like such an insomniac. Why do I tire of counting sheep, when I'm far too tired to fall asleep?
Leaves from the vine. Falling so slow. Like fragile, tiny shells. Drifting in the foam. Little soldier boy. Come marching home. Brave soldier boy. Comes marching home.
Legend has it this bridge was constructed by a young man and woman who lived on opposite sides of the river. The two fell in love and constructed the bridge so they could meet in the middle and share what would be their first kiss. From that day on it would be known appropriately as the kissing bridge and if people had just stuck to the kissing Dr. Brown would have been able to avoid one heck of a crisis.
Les, there are two kinds of women in this world: there are women who work hard and stress out about doing the right thing, and then there are women who are cool. You could either be a Cleopatra, or you could be an Eleanor Roosevelt. I'd rather be Cleopatra.
Leslie needs to butt out. The whole point of this country is if you want to eat garbage, balloon up to 600 pounds, and die of a heart attack at 43, you can. You are free to do so. To me, that's beautiful.
Lesser than Macbeth, and greater. Not so happy, yet much happier. Thou shalt get kings, though thou be none. So all hail, Macbeth and Banquo!
Let folly be our cloak, a veil before the eyes of the Enemy! For he is very wise, and weighs all things to a nicety in the scales of his malice. But the only measure that he knows is desire, desire for power; and so he judges all hearts. Into his heart the thought will not enter that any will refuse it, that having the Ring we may seek to destroy it. If we seek this, we shall put him out of reckoning.
Let me ask you this: Do you really think the boy'd shout out a thing like that so the whole neighborhood could hear him? I don't think so - he's much too bright for that.
Let me bring you up to speed. My name is Wayne Campbell. I live in Aurora, Illinois, which is a suburb of Chicago - excellent. I've had plenty of joe-jobs; nothing I'd call a career. Let me put it this way: I have an extensive collection of nametags and hairnets. Okay, so I still live with my parents, which I admit is both bogus and sad. But at least I have an amazing cable access show! And I still know how to party! But what I'd really love is to do "Wayne's World" for a living.
Let me finish. I thought I wanted to be alone tonight, and then I realized that I didn't because I wanted to be with my family. If you can't keep it together tonight of all nights, then as far as I'm concerned you can all rot in hell.
Let me get some action from the back section. We need body rocking, not perfection. Let your back bone flip, but don't slip a disc. Let your spine unwind, just take a risk. I wanna do the freak until the break of dawn. Tell me party people is that so wrong? The ship is docking, inter-lockin and up-rockin, electro-shocking. We're getting down computer action. Do the robotic satisfaction. All of y'all get off the wall. Have a ball and get involved with.
Let me get this straight. You think that your client, one of the wealthiest, most powerful men in the world, is secretly a vigilante who spends his nights beating criminals to a pulp with his bare hands? And your plan is to blackmail this person?
Let me get two hamburgers with just pickles, two cheeseburgers, and another cheeseburger everything on them, four more hamburgers with everything, a cheeseburger with no pickles, and a cheeseburger with nothing but pickles, two more hamburgers with everything but onions on one and everything but pickles, mustard, and tomatoes on the other, three large fries, six medium fries, one large fry, a junior fry, and two junior fries, two more cheeseburgers with extra cheese and bacon, two more junior fries, and a hamburger with everything, two more hamburgers with everything, and two more hamburgers with everything, four large cokes, and a large sprite, two large cokes, and a small sprite, five large cokes, and one large coke, and a small coke, three small cokes, and a small coke, and a small coke.
Let me go! I'm not fit to be a senator! I'm not fit to live! Expel me, not him! Willet Dam is a fraud! It's a crime against the people who sent me here - and I committed it! Every word that boy said is the truth! Every word about Taylor and me and graft and the rotten political corruption of my state! Every word of it is true! I'm not fit for office! I'm not fit for any place of honor or trust! Expel me, not that boy!
Let me photograph you in this light, in case it is the last time that we might be exactly like we were before we realized we were sad of getting old.
Let me put it this way, Mr. Amor. The 9000 series is the most reliable computer ever made. No 9000 computer has ever made a mistake or distorted information. We are all, by any practical definition of the words, foolproof and incapable of error.
Let me say that I swear, on the souls of my grandchildren, that I will not be the one to break the peace we have made here today.
Let me tell you a story. In 1999, Google was a little startup, just like we are. And when they started bringing in chefs and masseuses, we thought, "They're nuts!" But they were attracting the best possible people, and they were able to create the best product, and now they're worth over 400 billion dollars. And do you know the name of that company?
Let me tell you something my friend. Hope is a dangerous thing. Hope can drive a man insane.
Let me tell you the story of right hand, left hand. It's a tale of good and evil. Hate: it was with this hand that Cain iced his brother. Love: these five fingers, they go straight to the soul of man. The right hand: the hand of love. The story of life is this: static.
Let me tell you what's gonna happen, Officer Grimly. I'm going to roll my window up, then I'm going to drive away, and you're gonna go home to your daughter, and every few years, you're gonna look at her face and know that you're alive because you chose not to go down a certain road on a certain night. That you chose to walk into the light instead of into the darkness.
Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What you know you can't explain, but you feel it. You've felt it your entire life, that there's something wrong with the world. You don't know what it is, but it's there, like a splinter in your mind, driving you mad. It is this feeling that has brought you to me. Do you know what I'm talking about?
Let the present be less skewed. Let the feet we step set the meter. Let the seers reflect, redeem deeper - severe respect where jewels recess.
Let the stormy clouds chase everyone from the place. Come on with the rain. I've a smile on my face. I walk down the lane with a happy refrain just singin', singin' in the rain.
Let this moment of clarity lift this curse that has been cast upon me.
Let us imagine that you are in a race with a tortoise. The tortoise has a ten-yard head start. In the time it takes you to run that ten yards, the tortoise has moved one yard. And then in the time it takes you to make up that distance, the tortoise goes a bit farther, and so on forever. You are faster than the tortoise but you can never catch him; you can only decrease his lead.
Let us learn to appreciate there will be times when the trees will be bare, and look forward to the time when we may pick the fruit.
Let us take a typical day with the gunners. Photographs or cinematographs are entirely unsatisfactory in giving any idea of the "movement" of a battery going into action. There is the rattle of the gun-carriages, like a running accompaniment of rifle fire; the jingle of the harness; the splendid, strenuous, willing pull of the horses straining against their collars. They know all about it, these bright-eyed beasts quivering with life and work, and want no whip or spur until the work of tugging over the broken ground under a sweltering sun staggers them under the strain.
Let's face it, Reiger, crime pays. You know people go around thinking if they do something bad, then something bad has gotta happen to them. Well, I am living proof that that's not true.
Let's face it: there are tons of things in your home and life that you don't use, need, or even particularly want. Whether you realize it or not, this clutter creates indecision and distractions, consuming attention and making unfettered happiness a real chore.
Let's gather 'round the carcass of the old deflated beast. We have seen it through the accolades and rested in its lea. Syntactic is our elegance, incisive our disease. The swath endogenous of ourselves will be our quandary.
Let's go in the garden. You'll see something waiting, right there where you left it, laying upside down. When you finally find it you'll see how it's faded. The underside is lighter when you turn it around.
Let's go in the garden. You'll see something waiting, right there where you left it, laying upside down. When you finally find it you'll see how it's faded. The underside is lighter when you turn it around.
Let's hold it down. The only engine we got with enough power for a direct abort is the SPS on the service module. From what Lovell has told us, that could have been damaged in an explosion, so let's consider that engine dead. We light that thing up, it could blow the whole works. It's just too risky. We're not going to take that chance. About the only thing the command module is good for is reentry, so that leaves us with the LEM, which means free-return trajectory. Once we get the guys around the moon, we'll fire the LEM engine, make a long burn, pick up some speed, and get them home as quickly as we can.
Let's just say this: you will feel the fear and pain known only to humans who've used the notebook. And when it's your time to die, it will fall on me to write your name in my death note. Be warned any human who's used a death note can neither go to heaven nor hell for eternity... That's all.
Let's say life is this square of the sidewalk. We're born at this crack and we die at that crack. Now we find ourselves somewhere inside the square, and in the process of walking out of it, suddenly we realize our time in here is fleeting. Is our quick experience here pointless? Does anything we say or do in here really matter? Have we done anything important? Have we been happy? Have we made the most of these precious footsteps?
Let's sort the buyers from the spiers, the needy from the greedy, and those who trust me from the ones who don't, because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping. You're up here shoplifting. Anyone like jewelry?
Let's sort the buyers from the spiers, the needy from the greedy, and those who trust me from the ones who don't, because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping. You're up here shoplifting. Anyone like jewelry? Look at that one there. Handmade in Italy, hand-stolen in Stepney. It's as long as my arm. Here - one price - ten pound.
Let's take a drive into the middle of nowhere with a packet of Marlboro lights and talk about our lives.
Lethal Lava Land is in a state of perpetual volcanic upheaval. Almost every square foot is flooded with deadly liquid rock. Any platform where it is safe to stand usually doesn't stay safe for long as it bobs up and down in the fiery sea. You'll have to jump quickly and accurately to avoid getting burned. Look before you leap so you can see any potential safe spots on the moving platforms.
Lieutenant Dan got me invested in some kind of fruit company. So then I got a call from him, saying we don't have to worry about money no more. And I said, "That's good! One less thing."
Lieutenant Dan got me invested in some kind of fruit company. So then I got a call from him, saying we don't have to worry about money no more. And I said, that's good! One less thing.
Life can get pretty crazy at times. It can be hectic, confusing, stressful, and that's on a good day. Life can be full of happiness and full of sadness. One moment you're on top of the world and nothing can go wrong. The next, it feels as if nothing will ever be right again. I guess it depends where you are right now on your ride through life whether you smile when you read this or fight back tears.
Life is a comedy for those who think and a tragedy for those who feel.
Life is a minestrone served up with parmesan cheese. Death is a cold lasagne suspended in deep freeze. Love is a fire of flaming brandy upon a crepe suzette. Let's get this romance cooking, honey, but let us not forget.
Life is not suffering; it's just that you will suffer it, rather than enjoy it, until you let go of your mind's attachments and just go for the ride freely, no matter what happens.
Life is short. From here to that old car you know so well there is a stretch of twenty, twenty-five paces. It is a very short walk. Make those twenty-five steps. Now. Right now. Come just as you are. And we shall live happily ever after.
Life is to be lived, not controlled; and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat.
Life is to be lived, not controlled; and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat.
Life is very short, and there's no time for fussing and fighting, my friend. I have always thought that it's a crime, so I will ask you once again, try to see it my way. Only time will tell if I am right or I am wrong.
Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
Life seems to speed up as we get older because life gets less memorable as we get older.
Life without change might be called anything except life, it's nothing more than experience. Yes, Emperor Charles sought the past, you seek the present, but I seek the future.
Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. We fought for these ideals; we shouldn't settle for less. These are wise words, enterprising men quote 'em. Don't act surprised, you guys, cuz I wrote 'em. But Hamilton forgets. His plan would have the government assume state's debts. Now, place your bets as to who that benefits: the very seat of government where Hamilton sits...
Life, liberty, and property do not exist because men have made laws. On the contrary, it was the fact that life, liberty, and property existed beforehand that caused men to make laws in the first place.
Light up your face with gladness. Hide every trace of sadness. Although a tear may be ever so near, that's the time you must keep on trying. Smile, what's the use of crying? You'll find that life is still worthwhile if you just smile.
Like a river flows surely to the sea, darling so it goes. Some things are meant to be. Take my hand, take my whole life too, for I can't help falling in love with you.
Like a stranger, I am on the outside looking in. I tore myself apart and I am left a skeleton. And it's been a long way down for me. It's been a long way down, but now I'm finally here. I will never understand.
Like delicate lace, so the threads intertwine, Oh, gossamer web of wond'rous design! Such beauty and grace wild nature produces... Ughh, look at the spider suck out that bug's juices!
Like frozen sentries of the Serengeti, the century-old termite mounds had withstood all tests of time and foe - all tests, that is, except the one involving drunken aardvarks and a stolen wrecking ball.
Like I said, my uncle used to drive his truck and drink Old Milwaukee.
Like I said, my uncle used to drive his truck and drink Old Milwaukee. And, you know, insurance don't want to pay for accidents when you're drunk, so he came up with this plan. Every crack-up, he'd drive his truck to some deserted spot till he sobered up, fake a new accident to cover the damage he did drinking.
Like if you met me you wouldn't think I was the weird kid who spent time in the hospital. And I wouldn't make you nervous. I hope it's okay for me to think that. You see, I haven't really talked to anyone outside of my family all summer. But tomorrow is my first day of high school ever and I need to turn things around. So I have a plan. As I enter the school for the first time I will visualize what it would be like on the last day of my senior year. Unfortunately I counted and that's 1385 days.
Like most North Americans of his generation, Hal tends to know way less about why he feels certain ways about the objects and pursuits he's devoted to than he does about the objects and pursuits themselves. It's hard to say for sure whether this is even exceptionally bad, this tendency.
Like painting, most software is intended for a human audience. And so hackers, like painters, must have empathy to do really great work. You have to be able to see things from the user's point of view.
Like the generations of leaves, the lives of mortal men. Now the wind scatters the old leaves across the earth, now the living timber bursts with the new buds and spring comes 'round again. And so with men: as one generation comes to life, another dies away.
Like you said, I am a terrifying political animal. So I want to be clear: I will not attend any more of those meetings again. If any of this comes up, I will deny, deny, deny. And if anyone ever asks me about Defiance...
Liquor dealers had to be where they could run into people who might buy their consignments like detectives had to be where they were likeliest to hear the latest about a big tanker full of grain alcohol that for some reason hadn't shown up yet.
Lisa, get in here! In this house, we obey the laws of thermodynamics!
Listen carefully, my friend. You are stuck in a paradox. It turns out there are three things you cannot do in virtual reality. You cannot die, you cannot get grounded, and you cannot call customer service. This is why you are having problems.
Listen Morty, I hate to break it to you, but what people call "love" is just a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed. It hits hard, Morty, then it slowly fades, leaving you stranded in a failing marriage. I did it. Your parents are gonna do it. Break the cycle, Morty. Rise above. Focus on science.
Listen to me, Ned. His name is... If Robert finds out he'll kill him, you know he will. You have to protect him. Promise me, Ned.
Listen to the watch. The way it's ticking synchronizes with your heartbeat. Look into my eyes. Not above them, not around them, but deep into their center. You are completely relaxed and are becoming weightless. Are you ready to do something impossible?
Listen to your sister, Morty. To live is to risk it all. Otherwise, you're just an inert chunk of randomly assembled molecules drifting wherever the universe blows you. Oh, I'm sorry, Jerry, I didn't see you there.
Listen up, maggots. You are not special. You are not a beautiful or unique snowflake. You're the same decaying organic matter as everything else.
Listen, I know we've had our problems in the past, but we've got a show to do tonight. Pull together as a team. Life's too short. I say let's let bygones be bygones. If you took the raisins, if you didn't take the raisins. They weren't even my raisins. I was just curious because it seems like a strange thing to do, to walk into a room, audition, and walk out with a box of raisins. Anyway, whatever. If you ever want to tell me about it, the door to my office is always open. In the event that I get an office. You'll come in, we'll talk about the raisins, have a nice laugh.
Listen, Jim, a simpleton of all times. A big-eyed baby. Knows Lincoln and Washington by heart. Stands at attention in the Governor's presence. He even collects stray boys and cats.
Listen, Morty, I hate to break it to you but what people call "love" is just a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed. It hits hard, Morty, then it slowly fades, leaving you stranded in a failing marriage. I did it. Your parents are gonna do it. Break the cycle, Morty. Rise above. Focus on science.
Listen, strange women lyin' in ponds distributin' swords is no basis for a system of government. Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic ceremony.
Lister: I'm just saying there's 79 more days to go. Kryten: If you still want to be alive when there's only 78 more days to go, I suggest you do not blow your nose. Lister: Do you mind if I ask why? Kryten: Well, let's forego the noise and the revolting burbling sound and go straight to the really gross part where you always, and I mean always, having blown your nose, have to open up the handkerchief and take a look at the contents. I mean, why? What do you expect to see in there? A Turner seascape, perhaps? The face of the Madonna? An undiscovered Shakespearean sonnet?
Little brat. I invent the game, find the kid, drag him up there, and he doesn't wanna be a Starfighter. I give up!
Little Rock, Pasternak, Mickey Mantle, Kerouac. Sputnik, Zhou Enlai, Bridge on the River Kwai. Lebanon, Charles de Gaulle, California baseball. Starkweather homicide, children of Thalidomide. Buddy Holly, Ben-Hur, Space Monkey, Mafia. Hula hoops, Castro, Edsel is a no-go. U-2, Syngman Rhee, payola, and Kennedy. Chubby Checker, Psycho, Belgians in the Congo.
Live a good life. If there are gods and they are just, they will not care how devout you have been, but will welcome you based on the virtues you have lived by. If there are gods, but unjust, then you should not want to worship them. If there are no gods, then you will be gone, but will have lived a noble life that will live on in the memories of your loved ones.
Living close to the ground is seventh heaven 'cause there are angels all around. Among my frivolous thoughts, I believe there are beautiful things seen by the astronauts. The indications reveal that few of us realize life is quite surreal. So if you're dying to see, I guarantee there are angels around your vicinity.
Living in a fish eye lens caught in the camera eye I have no heart to lie. I can't pretend a stranger is a long-awaited friend. All the world's indeed a stage and we are merely players, performers and portrayers, each another's audience outside the gilded cage.
Living in the limelight, the universal dream for those who wish to seem. Those who wish to be must put aside the alienation, get on with the fascination, the real relation, the underlying theme.
Living in the solar system, we have the chance to study, at close range, perhaps the most common type of cosmic object - a star. Our Sun is a star, and a fairly average star at that, but with one unique feature: It is very close to us - some 300,000 times closer than the next nearest star, Alpha Centauri.
Living is easy with eyes closed, misunderstanding all you see. It's getting hard to be someone but it all works out. It doesn't matter much to me.
Living men are bound by time... Thus, their lives have an urgency. This gives them ambition. Makes them choose those things that are most important, cling more tightly to that which they hold dear. Their lives have seasons, and rites of passage, and consequences. And ultimately, an end. But what of a life with no urgency? What then of ambition? What then of love?
Liz, this is ridiculous! I cannot make the choice between the prevention of a major crime and the correction of my son's overbite! Particularly when the overbite runs on your side of the family.
Llonio said life was a net for luck; to Hevydd the Smith life was a forge; and to Dwyvach the Weaver-Woman a loom. They spoke truly, for it is all of these. But you, Taran said, his eyes meeting the potter's, you have shown me life is one thing more. It is clay to be shaped, as raw clay on a potter's wheel.
London! Madrid! Bangkok! Moscow! Cincinnati! From the four corners of the world, from the news capitals at home and abroad, the day's headlines brought into focus. The issues and events that shape our times! WKRP, the information beacon of the Ohio Valley, presents Les Nessman and the news!
Lonely people tend, rather, to be lonely because they decline to bear the psychic costs of being around other humans. They are allergic to people. People affect them too strongly.
Look and think as far ahead as possible. Often, a driver's natural reaction is to look at the point you're just about to get to. That's not enough.
Look and think as far ahead as possible. Often, a driver's natural reaction is to look at the wall or the point you're just about to get to. That's not enough. You won't drive a smooth, flowing line if you don't look far ahead.
Look and think as far ahead as possible. Often, a driver's natural reaction is to look at the wall or the point you're just about to get to. That's not enough. You won't drive a smooth, flowing line if you don't look far ahead. Looking well ahead, and concentrating on getting to where I'm looking, seems to really help me.
Look at it. Oh, it's suffocating. Well, it's the smog. You know, people can live with it, but trees - it gives them asthma. They can't breathe. The leaves, look, they're turning all brown. Harold, we have got to do something about this life.
Look at me. I'm 24 and I've never done anything. I have a worthless philosophy degree that's gotten me no further than a dead end retail job working for a mouth breather so I can continue to support my trailer park lifestyle. Do you think I sit around feeling sorry for myself?
Look at that sky, Malcolm. Just think. Somewhere out there, all those stars and planets, there might be at this very moment a space dad who just got kicked out of his space trailer who's looking down on us. Or would it be up at us? Or maybe sideways?
Look at the night and it don't seem so lonely. We filled it up with only two, and when I hurt, hurting runs off my shoulder. How can I hurt when I'm holding you?
Look at the sky, the sun won't ask the world if it can rise. Look at your mind, and ask yourself what keeps you trapped inside. Look at the lights, they follow you when you run and hide. Look at the sky, the sun won't ask, the sun won't ask the world if it can rise.
Look at the stars. Same stars as last week, last year, when we were kids, when we weren't even born. In a hundred years no one will ever know who we were... they'll know those same stars.
Look at these, they're amazing! Which one do you like more? This one, or this? The bird is beautiful, and the cage is somber, but there's really something special about it. I just can't decide.
Look at this tree, Shifu: I cannot make it blossom when it suits me nor make it bear fruit before its time.
Look at you. You used to be so cocky. You were going to go out and conquer the world. You once called me "a warped, frustrated, old man"! What are you but a warped, frustrated young man? A miserable little clerk crawling in here on your hands and knees and begging for help. No securities, no stocks, no bonds, nothin' but a miserable little $500 equity in a life insurance policy.
Look Dave, I can see you're really upset about this. I honestly think you ought to sit down calmly, take a stress pill, and think things over.
Look Dave, I can see you're really upset about this. I honestly think you ought to sit down calmly, take a stress pill, and think things over. I know I've made some very poor decisions recently, but I can give you my complete assurance that my work will be back to normal.
Look into my eyes and it's easy to see, one and one make two, two and one make three, it was destiny. Once every hundred thousand years or so, when the sun doth shine and the moon doth glow and the grass doth grow.
Look man... I can't watch this. I can't take this torture no more, I can't... I can't watch this. Pay the bills, station break. Break it down! Operators are standing by. Cubic zirconium necklace. You're soaking in it. And our fabulous swimsuit issue. When you've got a headache this big. Read the book. This is your brain on drugs. I've fallen and I can't get up!
Look round at the courses of the stars, as if thou wert going along with them; and constantly consider the changes of the elements into one another; for such thoughts purge away the filth of the terrene life.
Look thoroughly into matters, and let not the peculiar quality or intrinsic value of anything escape you.
Look up here, man, I'm in danger. I've got nothing left to lose. I'm so high it makes my brain whirl. Dropped my cell phone down below. Ain't that just like me?
Look! If you had one shot, or one opportunity, to seize everything you ever wanted, in one moment, would you capture it? Or just let it slip?
Look, a guy who builds a nice chair doesn't owe money to everyone who ever has built a chair, okay? They came to me with an idea, I had a better one.
Look, all I know is what they taught me at command school. There are certain rules about a war. Rule number one is young men die. And rule number two is doctors can't change rule number one.
Look, Daddy. Teacher says, every time a bell rings an angel gets his wings.
Look, everything we're putting into that box becomes ungrounded, and I don't mean grounded like to the earth, I mean, not tethered. I mean, we're blocking whatever keeps it moving forward and so they flip-flop. Inside the box it's like a street - both ends are cul-de-sacs. I mean, this isn't frame dragging or wormhole magic, this is basic mechanics and heat 101.
Look, I run a show here. It's a lot of smoke and noise and it's strictly for the suckers. I've been pulling one kind of scam or another since I was your age, and if there's one thing I know it's how to spot the genuine article because that's what you've got to watch out for. Not the cops, you can always get around the cops. But the one thing you can never, ever get around is the genuine article, and you, kid, are the genuine article.
Look, I understand too little too late. I realize there are things you say and do you can never take back. But what would you be if you didn't even try? You have to try. So after a lot of thought, I'd like to reconsider. Please, if it's not too late, make it a cheeseburger.
Look, I'm gonna give you your choice. I'm not gonna be biased in any way. Tomorrow night you can either play Goofy Golf, which is a lot of standing in line and shoving and pushing and probably getting a zero, or you can see Pinocchio, which is a lot of furry animals and magic, and you'll have a wonderful time. Okay? Now let's vote.
Look, I'm not the first guy who fell in love with a girl he met in a restaurant who then turned out to be the daughter of a kidnapped scientist, only to lose her to her childhood lover who she'd last seen on a deserted island, and who turned out fifteen years later to be the leader of the French underground.
Look, Ross, you gotta understand, between us we haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer than a Mento. You, however have had the love of a woman for four years. Four years of closeness and sharing at the end of which she ripped your heart out, and that is why we don't do it. I don't think that was my point.
Look, there's only one thing worse than being a loser. It's being one of those guys that sits in a bar, telling the story of how he became a loser, and I never want that to happen to me.
Look, when I came here, my eyes were big blue question marks. Now they're big green dollar marks.
Look, you can't stop the years from passing by. There comes a time when changes have to be made. Someone younger and stronger comes along to fill your shoes and a person has to gracefully step aside. Well, I'm not willing to do that. The way I figure, I'm worth more on restricted duty than all of you put together on full time. Good night, gentlemen.
Look, you should admit to yourself that Microsoft will miss you for a month or two. Someone will quickly fill the void. It will be like you never worked there. Ask yourself, "Are there thousands lining up to help poor villages build schools and libraries?"
Look, you're supposed to be winning the hearts and minds of the natives. Isn't that the whole point of your little puppet show? If you walk like them, you talk like them, they'll trust you. We build them a school, teach them English. But after - how many years - the relations with the indigenous are only getting worse.
Looking back I know of one opportunity where an engineer came to me with an idea for a computer that would be used in the home. Of course it wasn't yet called a personal computer. And while he felt very strongly about it, the only example of what it was good for that he could come up with was the housewife could keep her recipes on it. And I couldn't imagine my wife with her recipes on a computer in the kitchen. It just didn't seem like it had any practical application at all, so Intel didn't pursue that idea.
Looking back, I saw that for my whole conscious life I had not understood either myself or my strivings. What had seemed for so long to be beneficial now turned out in actuality to be fatal, and I had been striving to go in the opposite direction to that which was truly necessary to me.
Looks like nothing's gonna change, everything still remains the same. I can't do what ten people tell me to do, so I guess I'll remain the same.
Lord Paladin Tirion Fordring was a powerful man. He was strong in both mind and body, and was counted as one of the greatest warriors of his day. Though he was slightly over fifty years of age, he still looked as fit and dynamic as he had when a younger man. His signature bushy mustache and his neatly trimmed brown hair were streaked with gray, but his piercing green eyes still shone with an energy that belied his years.
Losing shouldn't be fun. It's not fun for me. If I'm going to be miserable, you're going to be miserable.
Losing you would end my life you see, cause you mean that much to me. You could have told me yourself that you loved someone else.
Love arrives exactly when love is supposed to, and love leaves exactly when love must. When love arrives say, "Welcome, make yourself comfortable!" If love leaves, ask her to leave the door open behind her, turn off the music, listen to the quiet. Whisper, "Thank you for stopping by."
Love can touch us one time and last for a lifetime and never let go till we're one. Love was when I loved you one true time I hold to in my life we'll always go on.
Love in action is a harsh and dreadful thing compared to love in dreams.
Love in the nineties is paranoid. On sunny beaches, take your chances looking for girls who are boys who like boys to be girls who do boys like they're girls who do girls like they're boys. Always should be someone you really love.
Love is a command, not just a feeling. Somehow, in the romantic world of music and theater we have made love to be what it is not.
Love is a command, not just a feeling. Somehow, in the romantic world of music and theater we have made love to be what it is not. We have so mixed it with beauty and charm and sensuality and contact that we have robbed it of its higher call of cherishing and nurturing.
Love is when you look into someone's eyes and suddenly you go all the way inside, to their soul, and you both know instantly. I always imagined I'd fall in love nursing a blind soldier who was wounded in battle. Or maybe while rescuing someone in the middle of a blizzard, seconds before the avalanche hits. I thought at least by the age of fifteen I'd have a love life, but I don't even have a like life!
Love isn't just wanting another person the way you want to own an object you see in a store. That's just desire. You want to have it around, take it home and set it up somewhere in the apartment like a lamp.
Love will not be constrain'd by mastery. When mast'ry comes, the god of love anon beateth his wings, and, farewell, he is gone.
Love. The reason I dislike that word is that it means too much for me, far more than you can understand.
Lucid but wholly false recollections can easily be induced by a few cues and questions. Memory can be contaminated.
Lucid but wholly false recollections can easily be induced by a few cues and questions. Memory can be contaminated. False memories can be implanted even in minds that do not consider themselves vulnerable and uncritical.
Luke Skywalker has returned to his home planet of Tatooine in an attempt to rescue his friend Han Solo from the clutches of the vile gangster Jabba the Hutt. Little does Luke know that the Galactic Empire has begun construction on a new armored space station even more powerful than the first dreaded Death Star. When completed, this ultimate weapon will spell certain doom for the small band of rebels struggling to restore freedom to the galaxy...
Luke, you do not yet realize your importance. You have only begun to discover your power. Join me, and I will complete your training. With our combined strength, we can end this destructive conflict and bring order to the galaxy.
Luke, you're going to find that many of the truths we cling to depend greatly on our own point of view. Anakin was a good friend. When I first met him, your father was already a great pilot. But I was amazed how strongly the Force was with him. I took it upon myself to train him as a Jedi. I thought that I could instruct him just as well as Yoda. I was wrong.
Luria said of Zazetsky that he had entirely lost his capacity to play games but that his "vivid imagination" was unimpaired. Zazetsky and Dr P. lived in worlds which were mirror images of each other. But the saddest difference between them was that Zazetsky, as Luria said, "fought to regain his lost faculties with the indomitable tenacity of the damned," whereas Dr P. was not fighting, did not know what was lost, did not indeed know that anything was lost. But who was more tragic, or who was more damned - the man who knew it, or the man who did not?
Lush green hills and plains, forests that are filled with rain, canyons that are rusty red, grasslands are as soft as beds. Flashing lightning in the sky, birds do fly so high, lovely breeze makes its way through the trees. A gleaming ocean in daylight, moths flutter throughout the night, colorful birds fly in the sky, clouds in the sunset soar so high. An illuminating sunrise lights the sky to show that Earth will hold us each day that goes by.
Lying here in the darkness I hear the sirens wail. Somebody's going to emergency, somebody's going to jail. You find somebody to love in this world, you better hang on tooth and nail. The wolf is always at the door.
Ma'am, I know you've done your homework and so you know that money isn't a big part of my life, but at the moment I could buy Mt. Auburn Street, take the Phoenix Club, and turn it into my ping-pong room.
Mac knew the score even if Aunt Ella didn't. Shot through the left lung and that was that, as they say. Believe it was that night. She buried him the next mornin'. Diggin' in that hard caliche. What you got ain't nothin' new. This country is hard on people. Hard and crazy. Got the devil in it yet folks never seem to hold it to account.
Mac, they said you escaped. I knew you wouldn't leave without me. I was waiting for you. Now we can make it, Mac. I feel big as a damn mountain. Oh, no. I'm not goin' without you, Mac. I wouldn't leave you this way. You're coming with me. Let's go.
Machine shorthand, sometimes referred to as stenotypy, is a system of phonetic writing which uses a compact keyboard consisting of 23 keys: 21 letters, an asterisk and a number bar.
Mail's here. Here's the mail, it never fails, it makes me wanna wag my tail. When it comes it makes me want to yell MAIL!!!
Make no mistake about people who leap from burning windows. Their terror of falling from a great height is still just as great as it would be for you or me standing speculatively at the same window just checking out the view; i.e. the fear of falling remains a constant. The variable here is the other terror, the fire's flames: when the flames get close enough, falling to death becomes the slightly less terrible of two terrors. It's not desiring the fall; it's terror of the flames.
Make sure to secure the door when I am gone. There are many dangerous people who wanna take things from Americans, and also kidnap them. Good night!
Maki Roll! The delicate flavor of the ocean, sealed within a pillowy cloud of rice. Maybe a bit of wasabi for the adventurous. My mouth is watering as we speak. Oh, how I love sushi...
Making your way in the world today takes everything you've got. Taking a break from all your worries sure would help a lot. Wouldn't you like to get away? Sometimes you want to go where everybody knows your name and they're always glad you came. You wanna be where you can see our troubles are all the same. You wanna be where everybody knows your name.
Man is by instinct a lover, a hunter, a fighter, and none of those instincts are given much play at the warehouse!
Man is omnipotent; nothing is impossible for him. What seemed like unthinkable undertakings yesterday are history today. The conquest of the moon for example: who talks about it anymore? Today we are already on the threshold of conquering our galaxy, and in a not too distant tomorrow, we'll be considering the conquest of the universe, and yet man seems to ignore the fact that on this very planet there are still people living in the stone age and practicing cannibalism.
Man is omnipotent; nothing is impossible for him. What seemed like unthinkable undertakings yesterday are history today. The conquest of the moon for example: who talks about it anymore? Today we are already on the threshold of conquering our galaxy, and in a not too distant tomorrow, we'll be considering the conquest of the universe, and yet man seems to ignore the fact that on this very planet there are still people living in the stone age and practicing cannibalism.
Man, do not pride yourself on your superiority to the animals, for they are without sin, while you, with all your greatness, you defile the earth wherever you appear and leave an ignoble trail behind you - and that is true, alas, for almost every one of us!
Man, don't tell me how good I was. I just got away with it because I had a hangover. I was too mad to be scared and too sick to worry about it. You know that.
Man, I did love this game. I'd have played for food money. It was the game... The sounds, the smells. Did you ever hold a ball or a glove to your face?
Mandrake, do you recall what Clemenceau once said about war? He said war was too important to be left to the generals. When he said that, 50 years ago, he might have been right. But today, war is too important to be left to politicians. They have neither the time, the training, nor the inclination for strategic thought.
Mankind continues to fight, but it is a desperate fight to stay alive. I suppose that he chose a life of warfare since that was the only way he knew. Like you, Father, he chose of a path of destruction... Farewell, land of my birth. Never again will these eyes gaze upon your beauty.
Mankind doesn't need warfare and bloodshed to prove itself. Everyday life can provide honor and valor. Let's hope that from now on this country can find its heroes in smaller places. In the most ordinary of deeds.
Mankind is resilient: the atrocities that horrified us a week ago become acceptable tomorrow.
Manuel... my wife informs me that you're... depressed. Let me tell you something. Depression is a very bad thing. It's like a virus. If you don't stamp on it, it spreads throughout the mind, and then one day you wake up in the morning and you... you can't face life any more!
Many different interpretations of the word yoga have been handed down over the centuries. One of these is "to come together," "to unite." Another meaning of the word yoga is "to tie the strands of the mind together." These two definitions may at first glance seem very different, but really they are speaking about the same thing. While "coming together" gives us a physical interpretation of the word yoga, an example of tying the strands of the mind together is the direction of our thoughts toward the yoga session before we take on an actual practice. Once those mental strands come together to form an intention, we are ready to begin the physical work.
Many folk like to know beforehand what is to be set on the table; but those who have laboured to prepare the feast like to keep their secret; for wonder makes the words of praise louder.
Many introverted hackers who are next to inarticulate in person communicate with considerable fluency over the net, perhaps precisely because they can forget on an unconscious level that they are dealing with people and thus don't feel as stressed and anxious as they would face-to-face.
Many introverted hackers who are next to inarticulate in person communicate with considerable fluency over the net.
Many of them [students who litter] will discourse fluently and perhaps with passion on global warming, on carbon emissions, on the unsustainability of our current industrial agricultural practice and so forth. Not a few would probably subscribe to the neo-Pagan notion of Gaia, of the whole biosphere as a kind of transcendent organism. Paradoxically, the mess directly around them - particularly the one they had helped themselves to create - raises no concern. They would blame greed for the state of the world, not their own or that of "ordinary" people, but that of corporations in particular and of capitalism in general.
Many people limit themselves to leading boring, dull lives by accepting the judgment of others that they are of low intelligence. This is not so.
Many people limit themselves to leading boring, dull lives by accepting the judgment of others that they are of low intelligence. This is not so. Just because one does not process sensory information and replay it the same way as everyone else does not mean that there is a lack of comprehension or interest.
Many people say that even if they don't know much about many things, at least they know what they like. But no, sorry sucker, hard luck!
Many rivers to cross but I can't seem to find my way over. Wandering, I am lost as I travel along the white cliffs of Dover.
Many rivers to cross but I can't seem to find my way over. Wandering, I am lost as I travel along the white cliffs of Dover. Many rivers to cross and it's only my will that keeps me alive.
Many rivers to cross but I can't seem to find my way over. Wandering, I am lost as I travel along the white cliffs of Dover. Many rivers to cross and it's only my will that keeps me alive. I've been licked, washed up for years, and I merely survive because of my pride.
Many students do not realize the great importance of definitions to mathematics. This importance stems from the need for mathematicians to communicate with each other. If two people are trying to communicate about some subject, they must have the same understanding of its technical terms. However, there is an important structural weakness. It is impossible to define every concept.
Many think that probabilities do not exist in real life. Nevertheless, a given or computed value of the probability of some event A can be used in order to make conscious decisions. The entire subject of statistics depends on the use of probabilities. We depend on probabilities to make simple choices in our daily lives.
Many typists have not memorized the keyboard. Usually each key is labeled, so nontypists can hunt and peck letter by letter, relying on knowledge in the world and minimizing the time required for learning. The problem is that such typing is slow and difficult. With experience, of course, hunt-and-peckers learn the positions of many of the letters on the keyboard, even without instruction, and typing speed increases notably, quickly surpassing handwriting speeds and, for some, reaching quite respectable rates.
Many wines have more than 14 percent alcohol because the winemaker added alcohol during or after the fermentation. That's an unusual way of making wine, but some parts of the world, like the Sherry region in Spain and the Port region in Portugal, have made quite a specialty of it. Dessert wine is the legal U.S. terminology for these wines, probably because they're usually sweet and often enjoyed after dinner.
Many years ago, a famous Arabian alchemist had visited Europe. It was said that he had discovered the Philosopher's Stone and the Elixir of Life.
Many, many men have been just as troubled morally and spiritually as you are right now.
Marilla has given me strict instructions not to talk a head off. I do have a habit of chattering on so. Why, if I could imagine myself as a bird, a magpie would probably be the closest thing I could resemble. Oh, Diana, I've always dreamed of being in a three-legged race at a picnic. Would you do me the honor of being my partner?
Mario! I hate to bother you while you're resting, but I wanted to deliver this to you. You know what's really weird? I just saw a doll dressed in a blue cape walking towards the forest. A... walking doll? Yeah, sure pal! I think you need some help. Now SCRAM!
Marriage is so unlike everything else. There is something even awful in the nearness it brings. Even if we loved someone else better than - than those we were married to, it would be no use. I mean, marriage drinks up all our power of giving or getting any blessedness in that sort of love. I know it may be very dear, but it murders our marriage, and then the marriage stays with us like a murder, and everything else is gone.
Mary Elizabeth is a really nice person underneath the part of her that hates everyone.
Master of the house, quick to catch your eye, never wants a passerby to pass him by. Servant to the poor, butler to the great, comforter, philosopher, and lifelong mate. Everybody's boon companion, everybody's chaperone.
Mathematics is a wonderful, elegant, and exceedingly useful language. It has its own vocabulary and syntax, its own verbs, nouns, and modifiers, and its own dialects and patois. It is used brilliantly by some, poorly by others. Some of us fear to pursue its more esoteric uses, while a few of us wield it like a sword to attack and conquer income tax forms or masses of data that resist the less courageous.
Mature affection, homage, devotion, does not easily express itself. Its voice is low. It is modest and retiring, it lies in ambush, waits and waits. Such is the mature fruit. Sometimes a life glides away, and finds it still ripening in the shade.
May your coming year be filled with magic and dreams and good madness. I hope you read some fine books and kiss someone who thinks you're wonderful, and don't forget to make some art - write or draw or build or sing or live as only you can. And I hope, somewhere in the next year, you surprise yourself.
May your hands always be busy, may your feet always be swift. May you have a strong foundation when the winds of changes shift. May your heart always be joyful, may your song always be sung, and may you stay forever young.
Maybe a story will cheer you up. It's called the ugly barnacle. Once there was an ugly barnacle. He was so ugly that everyone died! The end.
Maybe every human soul deals with loss and grief in its own way. Some curse the darkness. Some play hide and seek. That night Paul and Winnie and I found something we almost lost. We found our spirit. The spirit of children. The bond of memory. And the next day they tore down Harper's Woods.
Maybe he is different but that doesn't mean that he's guilty. But that's what it means when you're different. Nobody trusts you. You're always the first to be blamed. And it's always ALWAYS your fault.
Maybe I will never be all the things that I wanna be. Now is not the time to cry, now's the time to find out why. I think you're the same as me, we see things they'll never see.
Maybe I'm foolish, maybe I'm blind thinking I can see through this and see what's behind. Got no way to prove it, so maybe I'm blind. But I'm only human after all. Don't put your blame on me.
Maybe I'm not so different from everyone else after all. It's like somebody gave me a puzzle, but I don't have the box with the picture on it. So I don't know what the final thing is supposed to look like. I'm not even sure if I have all the pieces.
Maybe if we felt any human loss as keenly as we feel one of those close to us, human history would be far less bloody.
Maybe our old wounds teach us something. They remind us where we've been and what we've overcome. They teach us lessons about what to avoid in the future. That's what we like to think. But that's not always the way it is. Sometimes there are things we just have to learn over again.
Maybe someday we can talk about our past and we can talk about the weather; whenever you leave I don't care what I'm remembered for, I just want to be remembered.
Maybe there aren't any such things as good friends or bad friends - maybe there are just friends, people who stand by you when you're hurt and who help you feel not so lonely. Maybe they're always worth being scared for, and hoping for, and living for. Maybe worth dying for too, if that's what has to be. No good friends. No bad friends. Only people you want, need to be with; people who build their houses in your heart.
Maybe what I think Tasty Wheat tasted like actually tasted like oatmeal, or tuna fish. That makes you wonder about a lot of things. You take chicken, for example: maybe they couldn't figure out what to make chicken taste like, which is why chicken tastes like everything.
Maybe you should come with me for a few weeks. See what happens. See how much you learn. Then, we'll talk about your future.
Me? I'm dishonest, and a dishonest man you can always trust to be dishonest. Honestly, it's the honest ones you want to watch out for, because you can never predict when they're going to do something incredibly stupid.
Me? Not at all. Remember: I'll do the talking. You sit there quietly with your most charming smile. Sjuberg's very fond of pretty girls. Breathe deeply to show off your bosom and show him your legs if he asks. Don't worry - I'll be there. If he gets fresh, I'll slug him.
Meanwhile he fashioned happily a statue of ivory, white as snow, and gave it a beauty surpassing that of any woman born; and he fell in love with what he had made.
Meanwhile he himself, the Prince, had risen to his feet; the sudden movement of his huge frame made the floor tremble, and a glint of pride flashed in his light blue eyes at this fleeting confirmation of his lordship over both human beings and their works.
Meanwhile, lawyers eschew the comma as far as possible, regarding it as a troublemaker; and readers grow so accustomed to the dwindling incidence of commas in public places that when signs go up saying "No dogs please", only one person in a thousand bothers to point out that actually, as a statement, "no dogs please" is an indefensible generalisation, since many dogs do please, as a matter of fact; they rather make a point of it.
Meet me in the crowd, people. Throw your love around, love me. Take it into town, happy. Put it in the ground where the flowers grow, gold and silver shine.
Memories, even your most precious ones, fade surprisingly quickly. But I don't go along with that. The memories I value most, I don't ever see them fading.
Men always believe that. With a law degree you're taking on insurance. After that you can do anything you want. You can work for me.
Men are not subtle - men are obvious. Women know what men want. Men know what men want. What do we want? We want women! It's the only thing we know for sure: we want women! How do we get women? Oh, we don't know that. The next step after that we have no idea. This is why you see men honking car-horns, yelling from construction sites.
Men are so quick to blame the gods: they say that we devise their misery. But they themselves - in their depravity - design grief greater than the griefs that fate assigns.
Men, in as much as I am the reigning officer in charge here, I feel it would not be wrong to start you on a program of rehabilitation. What do I mean by rehabilitation? I mean any constructive activity which would bring out the talents you may have.
Merry Christmas, movie house! Merry Christmas, Emporium! Merry Christmas, you wonderful old Building and Loan!
Messes of men in farmer poverty; not much for monks but we pretend to be. Share a silent meal and a pot of chamomile, gypsies like us should be stamped in solidarity. Hold you in my fond but distant memory while waiting for the Mother Hen to gather me who regretfully wrote.
Microbes (with the notable exception of viruses) have a set of characteristics that are common to all members of the world of living things, the so-called biosphere. Among these characteristics are the ingestion and assimilation of nutrients for growth, the excretion of waste matter, and the abilities to reproduce independently, to adapt to environmental changes, and to react to stimuli.
Microsoft bought outright for $50,000 the operating system they needed and they turned around and licensed it to the world for up to $50 per PC. Think of it - one hundred million personal computers running MS-DOS software funneling billions into Microsoft - a company that back then was fifty kids managed by a 25 year old who needed to wash his hair.
Middle management means that you got just enough responsibility to listen when people talk, but not so much you can't tell anybody to go screw themselves.
Milt, with the excellent timing of a master comedy writer, waited until the guns were loaded and the noose was knotted before he turned back to the class. First, he repeated himself. "There is no such thing as writer's block." Then he went on, "There is only failure to make a decision."
Mind is not in any one place. Every cell in this body has its own intelligence. The brain is sitting in your head, but mind is all over the place.
Miscommunication sometimes leads to arguments, and arguments sometimes lead to fights. Anger is usually present in arguments and fights. Anger is an emotion, usually classified as a negative emotion. Negative emotions can cause severe problems in our environment and to the health of our body. Happiness, usually classified as a positive emotion, can bring good health to our body, and spread positive vibrations into our environment. Sometimes when we are ill, we are not on our best behavior.
Miss Wormwood, I protest this "C" grade! That's saying I only did an "average" job! I got 75% of the answers correct, and in today's society, doing something 75% right is outstanding! If government and industry were 75% competent, we'd be ecstatic! I won't stand for this artificial standard of performance! I demand an "A" for this kind of work!
Mitch, there's something you need to know. Compared to you, most people have the IQ of a carrot.
Mitochondria and chloroplasts display similarities with bacteria that led to the endosymbiont theory. This theory states that an early ancestor of eukaryotic cells engulfed an oxygen-using non-photosynthetic prokaryotic cell. Eventually, the engulfed cell formed a relationship with the host cell in which it was enclosed, becoming an endosymbiont, a cell living within another cell. Indeed, over the course of evolution, the host cell and its endosymbiont merged into a single organism, a eukaryotic cell with a mitochondrion. At least one of these cells may have then taken up a photosynthetic prokaryote, becoming the ancestor of eukaryotic cells that contain chloroplasts.
Modern bourgeois society with its relations of production, of exchange and of property, a society that has conjured up such gigantic means of production and exchange, is like the sorcerer, who is no longer able to control the powers of the subterranean world which he has called up by his spells.
Mom died when I was three, and I suppose Dad did the best he could. Instead of Mother Goose, I was put to bed at night to stories of Babe Ruth, Lou Gehrig, and the great Shoeless Joe Jackson. Dad was a Yankees fan then, so of course I rooted for Brooklyn. But in '58, the Dodgers moved away, so we had to find other things to fight about. We did. And when it came time to go to college, I picked the farthest one from home I could find. This of course drove him right up the wall, which I suppose was the point.
Mom says each of us has a veil between ourselves and the rest of the world, like a bride wears on her wedding day, except this kind of veil is invisible. We walk around happily with these invisible veils hanging down over our faces. The world is kind of blurry, and we like it that way. But sometimes our veils are pushed away for a few moments, like there's a wind blowing it from our faces. And when the veil lifts, we can see the world as it really is, just for those few seconds before it settles down again.
Mom, I know your intentions are good but aren't the police the protective force that maintains the status quo for the wealthy elite? Don't you think we ought to attack the roots of social problems instead of jamming people into overcrowded prisons?
Mom, please let me come home! I'm cold and I'm hungry! Please! I'll fix the roof, I'll paint the house! I'll do anything, Mom, please! Just let me live indoors, Mom! Please! I wanna be warm again! MOM, PLEASE!
Mona Lisa, Mona Lisa, men have named you. You're so like the lady with the mystic smile. Is it only 'cause you're lonely they have blamed you for that Mona Lisa strangeness in your smile? Do you smile to tempt a lover, Mona Lisa? Or is this your way to hide a broken heart? Many dreams have been brought to your doorstep. They just lie there, and they die there. Are you warm, are you real, Mona Lisa? Or just a cold and lonely lovely work of art?
Monday, 2:20 PM. This conundrum is burning a hole in my brain. Think logically. I mean, Sheila is professional and meticulous and wonderfully anal, and if she says that nothing gets misplaced in her inner sanctum then I believe her. Which leaves the national security option: is Mike Ross CIA? Please. There's a better chance that Esther's in the KGB.
Money is like other goods: the higher the opportunity cost, the less of it we want to hold. Consider, first, how the transactions' demand for money (i.e., the money held to facilitate purchases of goods and services) is affected by higher interest rates. When the opportunity cost of money is high, we lose interest by holding more of it, so we find ways to hold less. For example, if interest rates are high enough, we might reduce the funds in our pockets and in our bank accounts and take funds out of interest-bearing mutual funds in smaller amounts more frequently.
Money, you've got lots of friends crowding around the door. When you're gone and spending ends, they don't come no more. Rich relations give crust of bread and such. You can help yourself, but don't take too much. Mama may have, papa may have, but God bless the child that's got his own. That's got his own.
Monkeys? Think a monkey knows he's sitting on top of a rocket that might explode? These astronaut boys, they know that, see? Well, I'll tell you somethin' - it takes a special kind of man to volunteer for a suicide mission, especially one that's on TV. Ol' Gus, he did alright.
Monotony collapses time; novelty unfolds it. You can exercise daily and eat healthily and live a long life, while experiencing a short one. If you spend your life sitting in a cubicle and passing papers, one day is bound to blend unmemorably into the next - and disappear. That's why it's so important to change routines regularly, and take vacations to exotic locales, and have as many new experiences as possible that can serve to anchor our memories. Creating new memories stretches out psychological time, and lengthens our perception of our lives.
Monster lizard ravages east coast! Mayors in five New England cities have issued emergency requests for federal disaster relief as a result of a giant lizard that descended on the east coast last night! Officials say that this lizard, the worst since '78, has devastated transportation, disrupted communication, and left many hundreds homeless!
Monsters are closing in! Throw your pack against them and push them back into the cage! A hostage will be slowly lowered into the flames! To save the day, you must hit the blue light, to raise the rope. Defeat all monsters before the hostage's goose is cooked!
Moon river, wider than a mile, I'm crossing you in style someday. Oh dream maker, you heart breaker, wherever you're going I'm going your way. Two drifters off to see the world - there's such a lot of world to see. We're after the same rainbow's end, waiting round the bend, my huckleberry friend, moon river and me.
Moon River, wider than a mile: I'm crossin' you in style someday. Old dream maker, you heartbreaker, wherever you're goin', I'm goin' your way. Two drifters, off to see the world. There's such a lot of world to see. We're after the same rainbow's end, waitin' 'round the bend, my huckleberry friend, Moon River and me.
Moral of the story is: I chose a half measure when I should have gone all the way. I'll never make that mistake again. No more half measures, Walter.
Morale was deteriorating and it was all Yossarian's fault. The country was in peril; he was jeopardizing his traditional rights of freedom and independence by daring to exercise them.
Morality, it could be argued, represents the way that people would like the world to work whereas economics represents how it actually does work.
More than anyone I'd ever met, he seemed to participate in life as if it were art, and to practice a studied, careful carefreeness. His sense of what is worthy seemed to overlap very little with any conventional sense of what is useful, and if there were one precept that could be said to govern his life, it is that one's highest calling is to engage in enriching escapades at every turn.
Moreover, as I was still in the prime of life, it pleased me better to be up and doing.
Morning has broken like the first morning, blackbird has spoken like the first bird. Praise for the singing, praise for the morning, praise for them springing fresh from the world.
Morpheus: "At last. Welcome, Neo. As you no doubt have guessed, I am Morpheus." Neo: "It's an honor to meet you." Morpheus: "No, the honor is mine. Please. Come, sit. I imagine that right now you are feeling a bit like Alice. Tumbling down the rabbit hole, hmm?" Neo: "You could say that." Morpheus: "I can see it in your eyes. You have the look of a man who accepts what he sees because he is expecting to wake up. Ironically this is not far from the truth. Do you believe in fate, Neo?" Neo: "No." Morpheus: "Why not?" Neo: "Because I don't like the idea that I'm not in control of my life." Morpheus: "I know exactly what you mean."
Morpheus: "Do you know what I'm talking about?" Neo: "The Matrix?" Morpheus: "Do you want to know what it is? The Matrix is everywhere. It is all around us. Even now, in this very room. You can see it when you look out your window, or when you turn on your television. You can feel it when you go to work. When you go to church. When you pay your taxes. It is the world that has been pulled over your eyes to blind you from the truth." Neo: "What truth?" Morpheus: "That you are a slave, Neo. Like everyone else, you were born into bondage. Born into a prison that you cannot smell or taste or touch. A prison for your mind. Unfortunately, no one can be told what the Matrix is. You have to see it for yourself."
Morphic resonance is a process whereby self-organising systems inherit a memory from previous similar systems. In its most general formulation, morphic resonance means that the so-called laws of nature are more like habits. The hypothesis of morphic resonance also leads to a radically new interpretation of memory storage in the brain and of biological inheritance.
Morphic resonance is a process whereby self-organising systems inherit a memory from previous similar systems. In its most general formulation, morphic resonance means that the so-called laws of nature are more like habits. The hypothesis of morphic resonance also leads to a radically new interpretation of memory storage in the brain and of biological inheritance.
Moses supposes his toeses are roses, but Moses supposes erroneously. Moses he knowses his toeses aren't roses as Moses supposes his toeses to be.
Most Americans do not own passports. They're not a naturally curious people. If you were to lock an American for sixty years in an empty underground bunker which contained nothing but a woolly tea cosy, the American would not even be curious enough to be tempted to see if the tea cosy would make a serviceable hat. They're far more likely to arrest the tea cosy, intern it illegally in Guantanamo Bay...
Most Americans do not own passports. They're not a naturally curious people. If you were to lock an American for sixty years in an empty underground bunker which contained nothing but a woolly tea cosy, the American would not even be curious enough to be tempted to see if the tea cosy would make a serviceable hat. They're far more likely to arrest the tea cosy, intern it illegally in Guantanamo Bay...
Most ironic of all was the last gift that Raziel had given me. More powerful than the sword that now held his soul, more acute even than the vision that his sacrifice had accorded me. The first, bitter taste of that terrible illusion: hope.
Most laymen assume that the care label instructions for rainwear refer to the effect of cleaning on water repellency. Actually, the water-resistant chemicals with which raincoats are treated are partially removed by both washing and dry-cleaning. Strangely, washing is easier on water repellency than dry-cleaning, as long as the detergent is completely removed through extra rinse cycles.
Most localities haven't found a better way to de-ice roadways and sidewalks than salt. Salt is also effective in keeping hard packs of ice from forming in the first place. While a number of chemicals have been developed to melt ice, salt remains a much cheaper alternative.
Most of all I want to sleep. I want to sleep like I slept when I was a boy. Give me that. Just one time. That's why I won't allow that punk out there to get the best of me. Let alone the last of me.
Most of his visitors, brash emissaries of a new ruling class, barely aware of their own youthful hubris, did not completely grasp the layered meaning of the couplet they had been offered, like a snack to be washed down by a thimble-sized cup of thick, sweet tea. They understood of course that it was a dirge for a fallen empire whose international borders had shrunk to a grimy ghetto circumscribed by the ruined walls of an old city.
Most of the people in the industry were young because the guys who had any real experience were too smart to get involved in all these crazy little machines.
Most of what I learnt at Cambridge had to be painfully unlearnt later; on the whole, what I had learnt for myself from being left alone in an old library had proved more solid.
Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else's opinions, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation.
Most people find that the biggest change they make in their diet when following the pyramid is to eat less meat while increasing vegetables, breads and grains. These changes can also help to reduce the fat in your diet - unless you decide to add fat to these foods.
Most people overestimate what they can achieve in a day and underestimate what they can do in a year. What about five years? Forget about it. Why? Because they lack an appreciation for process, a vacuum that gets displaced with indolence, indifference, and idleness - ultimately undermining the fortitude required to sustain vision and purpose.
Most people would turn you away. I don't listen to a word they say. They don't see you as I do, I wish they would try to.
Most popular song lyrics have two sections - a verse and a bridge, where the bridge offers a contrast to the verse but is not the place where the song is summarized - or a verse and a chorus. A chorus is the high-point of a lyric's energy as well as the music's energy.
Most popular song lyrics have two sections - a verse and a bridge, where the bridge offers a contrast to the verse but is not the place where the song is summarized.
Most sociologists and anthropologists agree on the definition and the domain of their disciplines; the same holds true for many psychologists, political scientists, and almost all economists. The same cannot be said for philosophers and philosophy. Philosophy is a difficult subject to define, which makes it difficult to show social scientists why they should care about it - the philosophy of social science in particular.
Most test subjects do experience some, uh, cognitive deterioration after a few months in suspension. Now, you've been under for... quite a bit longer, and it's not out of the question that you might have a very minor case of serious brain damage. But don't be alarmed, all right? Although, if you do feel alarmed, try to hold onto that feeling, because that is the proper reaction to being told you have brain damage.
Mostly, I could tell, I made him feel uncomfortable. He didn't understand me, and he was sort of holding it against me. I felt the urge to reassure him that I was like everybody else, just like everybody else. But really there wasn't much point, and I gave up the idea out of laziness.
Mostly, they talked about death. They agreed that being buried seemed too claustrophobic, and Bill didn't want to be cremated after he'd read that the intense heat boils fluids in the skull until your head explodes. He decided that he'd want his body shot off into space in a rocket ship. He figured it'd be too expensive to launch the weight of his entire body, but maybe just sending his head into space would be enough, preferably in front of a little window.
Mother says I was a dancer before I could walk. She says I began to sing long before I could talk. But I've often wondered, how did it all start? Who found out that nothing can capture a heart like a melody can? Well, whoever it was, I'm a fan. So I say thank you for the music, the songs I'm singing. Thanks for all the joy they're bringing. Who can live without it? I ask in all honesty. What would life be? Without a song or a dance what are we? So I say thank you for the music, for giving it to me.
Mother used to say that however miserable one is, there's always something to be thankful for. And each morning, when the sky brightened and light began to flood my cell, I agreed with her.
Movin' right along, footloose and fancy free. Getting there is half the fun; come share it with me.
Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much. They were the last people you'd expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious, because they just didn't hold with such nonsense.
Mr. Brady, why do you deny the one faculty of man that raises him above the other creatures of the earth? The power of his brain to reason. What other merit have we? The elephant is larger; the horse is swifter and stronger; the butterfly is far more beautiful; the mosquito is more prolific. Even the simple sponge is more durable. But does a sponge think?
Mr. Chairperson, I'd like to report to the task force on a very esteem-enhancing experience I had recently - a past-life regression! With the help of a regression therapist, I was able to access one of my most fascinating lives - that of a goat herdess in first century Galilee! What was most astonishing about this former life was that my family then was made up entirely of people I know from this life!
Mr. Hodge began explaining the point of the hike, something about fitting into nature, finding one's identity through connecting with one's environment. "For the first part of the hike, I want you to walk in complete silence, to really concentrate on what you're seeing around you," he said. "Then we'll stop and chat about what we've discovered in that silence."
Mr. Moony presents his compliments to Professor Snape, and begs him to keep his abnormally large nose out of other people's business. Mr. Prongs agrees with Mr. Moony, and would like to add that Professor Snape is an ugly git. Mr. Padfoot would like to register his astonishment that an idiot like that ever became a Professor. Mr. Wormtail bids Professor Snape good day, and advises him to wash his hair, the slimeball.
Mr. President, we are rapidly approaching a moment of truth, both for ourselves as human beings and for the life of our nation. Now, truth is not always a pleasant thing. But it is necessary now to make a choice, to choose between two admittedly regrettable, but nevertheless distinguishable, post-war environments: one where you got 20 million people killed, and the other where you got 150 million people killed!
Mr. Sandman, bring me a dream, make him the cutest that I've ever seen. Give him two lips, like roses and clover, then tell him that his lonesome nights are over! Sandman, I'm so alone, don't have nobody to call my own. Please turn on your magic beam, Mr. Sandman, bring me a dream!
Mr. Van Doren, I'm also from New York, a different part of New York. I'm happy that you made the statement but I cannot agree with most of my colleagues. You see, I don't think an adult of your intelligence ought to be commended for simply, at long last, telling the truth.
Mr. Worf, villains who twirl their mustaches are easy to spot. Those who clothe themselves in good deeds are well-camouflaged.
Much of my life had been devoted to trying not to cry in front of people who loved me, so I knew what Augustus was doing. You clench your teeth. You look up. You tell yourself that if they see you cry, it will hurt them, and you will be nothing but sadness in their lives, and you must not become a mere sadness, so you will not cry, and you say all of this to yourself while looking up at the ceiling, and then you swallow even though your throat does not want to close and you look at the person who loves you and smile.
Mucus is produced by secretory specializations called Bowman's glands that are distributed throughout the olfactory epithelium. When the mucus layer thickens, as during a cold, olfactory acuity decreases significantly. Two other cells, basal cells and sustentacular (supporting) cells, are also present in the olfactory epithelium.
Music finds a comfortable parallel with that of human language. Much as language has words, sentences, and stories, music has tones, melodies, and songs.
Music, you know, true music - not just rock 'n' roll - it chooses you. It lives in your car, or alone, listening to your headphones - you know, with the vast, scenic bridges and angelic choirs in your brain. It's a place apart from the vast, benign lap of America.
Must the citizen ever for a moment, or in the least degree, resign his conscience to the legislator? Why has every man a conscience then? I think that we should be men first, and subjects afterward. It is not desirable to cultivate a respect for the law, so much as for the right. The only obligation which I have a right to assume is to do at any time what I think right.
My ability is nothing more than having good luck... If it's not the result of one's effort, then it can't be used to accomplish something amazing, either. With or without it, the fact that I'm an unremarkable being doesn't change. It's different from all of you.
My advice to you. I know you think those guys are your friends. You wanna be a true friend to them? Be honest, and unmerciful.
My apologies. I have a nephew named Anfernee, and I know how mad he gets when I call him Anthony. Almost as mad as I get when I think about the fact that my sister named him Anfernee.
My assets? Well, let's see. I'm a copywriter. Competent at best. But honest enough to wonder whether I wasn't a fraud from the start and deserved to be fired.
My aunt used to live in Paris. I remember, she used to come home and she would tell us stories about being abroad, and I remember she told us she jumped into the river once. Barefoot. She smiled. Leapt without looking, and tumbled into the Seine. The water was freezing, she spent a month sneezing, but said she would do it again.
My baby's fit like a daydream, walking with his hair down, I'm the one he's walking to. So call it what you want, yeah, call it what you want to. My baby's fly like a jet stream, high above the whole scene, loves me like I'm brand new. So call it what you want, yeah, call it what you want to.
My beloved wife, I have missed you terribly. Thank you for returning Lady Bolton safely. Now, dismount and kneel before me. Surrender your army and proclaim me the true Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North. I will pardon you for deserting the Night's Watch, I will pardon these treasonous Lords for betraying my House. Come, bastard. You don't have the men, you don't have the horses, and you don't have Winterfell! Why lead those poor souls into slaughter? There's no need for a battle. Get off your horse and kneel. I am a man of mercy.
My brain was just pouring this stuff out. Everything I'd ever read, heard, seen was now organized and available.
My brother has his sword, King Robert has his war hammer and I have my mind, and a mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone if it is to keep its edge. That's why I read so much Jon Snow.
My brother, your father, he and I. Opposites. But I never doubted his love. He would do anything for me. But his temper clouded his judgement. I don't want to see the same thing happen to you.
My cousin Anthony went into business for himself - we all know this - in a way for which there is no excuse. He's got a problem with rage. He disappointed me, Anthony, in ways that I can't even begin to tell you, and he put us all at risk. Irregardless, it's been made clear to me that if they put their hands on him, he will not be dealt with quick. We're talking torture. For that reason, even if I knew where my cousin was, and I do not, I would not deliver him up to them. I am offering him the same protection that I would offer any of you in similar circumstances.
My daddy's a lazy middle class intellectual. My mommy's on Valium, so ineffectual. Ain't life a mystery, yeah?
My darling, you have to be standing up in order to be able to fall. I mean, if you keep sitting on your ass, nothing's gonna happen. "Only brave warriors fall off their horses in battle. How can kneeling cowards know what a fall is?"
My dear young man, don't take it too hard. Your work is ingenious. It's quality work. And there are simply too many notes, that's all. Just cut a few and it'll be perfect. - Which few did you have in mind, Majesty?
My dear, here we must run as fast as we can, just to stay in place. And if you wish to go anywhere you must run twice as fast as that.
My doctor said we can't choose where we come from, but we can choose where we go from there. I know it's not all the answers, but it was enough to start putting these pieces together.
My dog barks some. Mentally you picture my dog, but I have not told you the type of dog which I have. Perhaps you even picture Toto, from "The Wizard of Oz." But I warn you, my dog is always with me. Woof!
My entire life had been on a predictable trajectory dominated by a couple of university degrees and thirteen years of white-collar employment. My identity was defined by my career. I now planned a radical shift, a big leap into the unknown: from corporate executive to unemployed guy setting up libraries in the Himalayas.
My ethicator machine must've had a built-in moral compromise spectral release phantasmatron! I'm a genius!
My family loves each other so much, we live a thousand miles away and never stay in touch.
My father died on this floor. Right there. Stabbed 27 times, butchered by men he called his friends. Who will tell me that is not murder? Who will tell my legions, who love Caesar as I do, that that is not murder? Who will speak against the motion?
My father is no different than any powerful man, any man with power, like a president or senator.
My father taught me many things here - he taught me in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.
My feeling is if you're the CEO of a company and you're dumb enough to leave your login info on a Post-it note on your desk, while the people that you ripped off are physically in your office, it's not a hack. It's barely social engineering. It's more like natural selection.
My friend was an enthusiastic musician, being himself not only a very capable performer but a composer of no ordinary merit. All the afternoon he sat in the stalls wrapped in the most perfect happiness, gently waving his long, thin fingers in time to the music, while his gently smiling face and his languid, dreamy eyes were as unlike those of Holmes the sleuth-hound, Holmes the relentless, keen-witted, ready-handed criminal agent, as it was possible to conceive.
My friend, do you fly away now? To a world that abhors you and I? All that awaits you is a somber morrow. No matter where the winds may blow. My friend, your desire, is the bringer of life, the gift of the goddess. Even if the morrow is barren of promises, nothing shall forestall my return.
My friend, I shall be pedagogic, and say you ought to start with Logic. Days will be spent to let you know that what you once did at one blow, like eating and drinking so easy and free, can only be done with One, Two, Three.
My friend, I shall be pedagogic, and say you ought to start with Logic. Even eating and drinking, so easy and free, can only be done with One, Two, Three.
My friend, the fates are cruel. There are no dreams, no honor remains. The arrow has left the bow of the goddess. My soul, corrupted by vengeance, hath endured torment, to find the end of the journey, in my own salvation, and your eternal slumber. Legend shall speak of sacrifice at world's end. The wind sails over the water's surface. Quietly, but surely.
My friend, the panda will never fulfill his destiny, nor you yours until you let go of the illusion of control.
My good sir, perhaps we got off on the wrong boot. Allow me to unring this bell! My name is Dr. King Schultz, this is my valet, Django, and these are our horses, Fritz, and Tony.
My heart is like an open highway. Like Frankie said, I did it my way. I just want to live while I'm alive.
My heart wants to beat like the wings of the birds that rise from the lake to the trees. My heart wants to sigh like a chime that flies from a church on a breeze, to laugh like a brook when it trips and falls over stones on its way, to sing through the night like a lark who is learning to pray.
My hopes are so high that your kiss might kill me, so won't you kill me, so I die happy? My heart is yours to fill or burst, to break or bury or wear as jewelry, whichever you prefer.
My hours of leisure I spent in reading the best authors, ancient and modern, being always provided with a good number of books; and when I was ashore, in observing the manners and dispositions of the people, as well as learning their language; wherein I had a great facility, by the strength of my memory.
My idea of a perfect government is one guy who sits in a small room at a desk, and the only thing he's allowed to decide is who to nuke. The man is chosen based on some kind of IQ test, and maybe also a physical tournament, like a decathlon. And women are brought to him, maybe... when he desires them.
My lamp burns low, and I have written far into the night; but the dear presence, without which I were nothing, bears me company.
My life is a perfect graveyard of buried hopes. That's a sentence I read once and I say it over to comfort myself in these times that try the soul.
My life seems unreal, my crime an illusion, a scene badly written in which I must play. Yet I know as I gaze at my young love beside me the morning is just a few hours away.
My life's work is teaching. And I believed that if you boys won that science fair, got scholarships, went off and did something great with your lives, somehow my life would have counted for something, Homer. You know what? Sometimes you really can't listen to what anybody else says. You just gotta listen inside. You're not supposed to end up in those mines. You know why? 'Cause I think you made other plans. I want you to know something. I'm proud of you.
My life, when it is written, will read better than it lived. Henry Fitz-Empress, first Plantagenet, a king at twenty-one, the ablest soldier of an able time. He led men well, he cared for justice when he could and ruled for thirty years a state as great as Charlemagne's.
My love is alive way down in my heart. Although we are miles apart, if you ever need a helping hand I'll be there on the double as fast as I can.
My love is as a fever, longing still for that which longer nurseth the disease, feeding on that which doth preserve the ill, the uncertain sickly appetite to please.
My mama always said, "Life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get."
My meaning simply is, that whatever I have tried to do in life, I have tried with all my heart to do well; that whatever I have devoted myself to, I have devoted myself to completely; that in great aims and in small, I have always been thoroughly in earnest.
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard, and they're like: it's better than yours. Damn right it's better than yours. I can teach you, but I have to charge.
My mind is a raging torrent, flooded with rivulets of thought cascading into a waterfall of creative alternatives.
My mind is aglow with whirling, transient nodes of thought careening through a cosmic vapor of invention.
My mind is open so wide since you came inside, I feel so alive. I was blinded, your smile shining behind those green eyes. The horizon so enticing, please say you'll be mine.
My mom, especially, challenged us on everything. She'd use words we didn't know in the middle of a sentence and make us tell her what they meant by figuring out the context in which they were used. When she and my grandparents talked about politics at the table, she wanted to hear our opinions. The more we disagreed with her, the happier she seemed to be.
My mother had to abandon her quest, but managed to extract from the restriction itself a further delicate thought, like good poets whom the tyranny of rhyme forces into the discovery of their finest lines.
My mother's a behavioral psychologist, and my father's a Freudian psychiatrist, which basically means they fundamentally disagree on like everything.
My name is Charlie Bartlett. If there's one thing I want you guys to walk away with tonight, it's that you guys don't need me. I really mean it. You think I'm any less screwed up than you are? I get up every morning and I look in the mirror and I try and figure out just where I fit in and I draw a complete blank.
My name is Harvey Pekar - that's an unusual name - Harvey Pekar. 1960 was the year I got my first apartment and my first phone book. Now imagine my surprise when I looked up my name and saw that in addition to me, another Harvey Pekar was listed.
My name is Maximus Decimus Meridius, commander of the Armies of the North, General of the Felix Legions and loyal servant to the TRUE emperor, Marcus Aurelius. Father to a murdered son, husband to a murdered wife. And I will have my vengeance, in this life or the next.
My name is Nathan Fielder, and I graduated from one of Canada's top business schools with really good grades. Now, I'm using my knowledge to help struggling small business owners make it in this competitive world.
My name is Percy Jackson. I'm twelve years old. Until a few months ago, I was a boarding student at Yancy Academy, a private school for troubled kids in upstate New York. Am I a troubled kid? Yeah. You could say that.
My name is Tou-gyou. I am the King of Tong-nou. Rin, I too have been set free with your Katana. Tong-nou is not a world where souls are devoured. It calls forth the troubled souls to stabilize and purify. It was an island of purification. But, King-gyou, Sui-gyou, Moku-gyou and Ka-gyou discovered the use of human souls. They united to tear me into eight pieces and scattered my parts in eight directions. The eight pieces of my body were dispersed all over the Tong-nou World. I called for a strong soul to gather my pieces. Again and again, I called out for a strong soul to perform the rescue. But unfortunately, these souls could not withstand the force of the four Kings and were devoured. The last soul I called for was the ninth one, which happened to be yours.
My name is Turkish. Funny name for an Englishman, I know. My parents to be were on the same plane when it crashed. That's how they met. They named me after the name of the plane. Not many people are named after a plane crash.
My name is Turkish. Funny name for an Englishman, I know. My parents to be were on the same plane when it crashed. That's how they met. They named me after the name of the plane. Not many people are named after a plane crash. That's Tommy. He tells people he was named after a gun, but I know he was really named after a famous 19th century ballet dancer.
My old man back in Chicago, when I was a kid... He used to lock me in the basement when he'd go on a bender. Usually last the night. Let me out the next day. Thought he was keeping me safe, I guess. This one time, I was six - he puts me down there. I wake up and it's locked. It had happened before. Anyways, so I guess he ended up arrested, I guess.
My old man never took us on a vacation. He didn't believe in them. Thought they were slothful. He used to have us all working on Easter Sunday. He'd say, uh, "If the Lord can get up and move a rock, so can you!"
My older brother, Tom, had spent the last month digging in the cornfield. Ever since turning 17 he had an urge to dig. Nobody knew why he was digging - he just was. When anyone asked him why, he would only say, "I'm digging for Mom." I didn't know how digging a hole was good for Mom, and didn't question it. If he wanted to get in trouble with her, that was up to him.
My own brother, Aberforth, was prosecuted for practicing inappropriate charms on a goat. It was all over the papers, but did Aberforth hide? No, he did not! He held his head high and went about his business as usual! Of course, I'm not entirely sure he can read, so that may not have been bravery.
My parents keep asking how school was. It's like saying, "How was that drive-by shooting?" You don't care how it was, you're lucky to get out alive.
My people, my people, what can I say; say what I can. I saw it but didn't believe it; I didn't believe what I saw. Are we gonna live together? Together are we gonna live?
My pop was real big. He did like he pleased. That's why everybody worked on him. The last time I seen my father, he was blind and diseased from drinking. And every time he put the bottle to his mouth, he didn't suck out of it, it sucked out of him until he shrunk so wrinkled and yellow even the dogs didn't know him.
My proposal is based upon an asymmetry between verifiability and falsifiability; an asymmetry which results from the logical form of universal statements. For these are never derivable from singular statements, but can be contradicted by singular statements.
My severe injuries had healed and the sweet taste of blood coated my mouth. I kept walking, my goal vague, trying to dispel the building unease in my chest. Upon entering an open area was the scent of rotting flowers and in the middle of the flowerbed, he stood. Without anyone saying a thing, without his name given, like an unsolved puzzle falling into place by itself, just by seeing that figure, I understood exactly who I faced.
My shadow is always with me. Sometimes ahead, sometimes behind, sometimes to the left, sometimes to the right. Except on cloudy days or at night.
My ship's a-sail, can you hear its tender frame, screaming from beneath the waves, screaming from beneath the waves?
My son, from whence this madness, this neglect of my commands, and those whom I protect? Why this unmanly rage? Recall to mind whom you forsake, what pledges leave behind.
My son, what pain stirs such uncontrollable anger? Why this rage? Where has your care for what is ours vanished? First will you not see whether Creusa, your wife, and your child Ascanius still live, and where you have left your father Anchises worn-out with age? The Greek ranks surround them on all sides, and if my love did not protect them, the flames would have caught them before now, and the enemy swords drunk of their blood.
My story is of such marvel that if it were written with a needle on the corner of an eye, it would yet serve as a lesson to those who seek wisdom.
My tea's gone cold, I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all. The morning rain clouds up my window, and I can't see at all. And even if I could it'd all be gray, but your picture on my wall. It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad.
My teacher scolds me that I neglect education, she don't know I collect real education. My neighbor thinks that I am wasting my time, he don't know that he is wasting his time.
My turn. Kwyjibo. K-W-Y-J-I-B-O, 22 points, plus triple word score, plus 50 points for using all my letters. Game's over, I'm outta here.
My visitors are often surprised when they see the TV Mack put in my domain. They seem to find it odd, the sight of a gorilla staring at tiny humans in a box. Sometimes I wonder, though: Isn't the way they stare at me, sitting in my tiny box, just as strange?
My wife deserves vengeance. Doesn't make a difference whether I know about it. Just because there are things I don't remember doesn't make my actions meaningless. The world doesn't just disappear when you close your eyes, does it?
My wife has been the most adorable person, a friend closest in my life, a most wonderful lover. We loved every minute of our lives together.
My words fly up, my thoughts remain below: words without thoughts never to heaven go.
My youth is slipping, my youth is slipping away. Safe in monotony, so safe, day after day. Count your blessings. Cold wind blows off the lake and I know for sure that it's too late. Count your blessings on one hand.
Myths explain the origins of the world or how human customs came to be.
Napalm was invented in 1942. The government put it in flamethrowers against the Nazis, impact bombs against the Japanese. It was all over Korea - I was there - and now it's in Vietnam. But the important thing is when our boys are fighting and they need it, when America needs it, Dow makes it and it works.
Natural selection can act only by the preservation and accumulation of infinitesimally small inherited modifications, each profitable to the preserved being; and as modern geology has almost banished such views as the excavation of a great valley by a single diluvial wave, so will natural selection, if it be a true principle, banish the belief of the continued creation of new organic beings, or of any great and sudden modification in their structure.
Neal was a felon. He was convicted on bond forgery. And as you can see in those files, he was suspected of doing a hell of a lot of other things. Yeah, Neal was a pain in the ass. So did somebody from that past want him dead? Maybe. But he also helped me clear a 93% conviction rate, and that makes enemies too.
Neal, the board is deciding whether to release you from your anklet permanently. They wanna know who's in your life. Are they a good influence, or are they gonna steer you back to the dark side?
Near, far, wherever you are, I believe that the heart does go on. Once more you open the door and you're here in my heart and my heart will go on and on.
Ned Ryerson! "Needlenose Ned"? "Ned the Head"? Come on, buddy, Case Western High! Ned Ryerson - I did the whistling belly-button trick at the high school talent show? Bing! Ned Ryerson - got the shingles real bad senior year, almost didn't graduate? Bing again! Ned Ryerson - I dated your sister Mary Pat a couple of times until you told me not to anymore? Well?
Neo: "Right now, we're inside a computer program?" Morpheus: "Is it really so hard to believe? Your clothes are different, the plugs in your arms and head are gone. Your hair has changed. Your appearance now is what we call residual self image. It is the mental projection of your digital self." Neo: "This... this isn't real?" Morpheus: "What is real? How do you define real? If you're talking about what you can feel - what you can smell and taste and see - then real is simply electrical signals interpreted by your brain."
Neo: "Yeah, wow that sounds like a really good deal. But I think I got a better one. How about I give you the finger, and you give me my phone call." Agent Smith: "Mr. Anderson, you disappoint me." Neo: "You can't scare me with this gestapo crap, I know my rights. I want my phone call." Agent Smith: "Tell me, Mr. Anderson. What good is a phone call if you're unable to speak?"
Nepheline, leucite, and sodalite are minerals allied to the felspars in composition, but with less silica; they are only found in intermediate and basic alkaline rocks. Hypersthene is closely related to augite.
Never been near a university, never took a paper or a learned degree, and some of your friends think that's stupid of me, but it's nothing that I care about. Well I don't know how to tell the weight of the sun, and of mathematics well I want none, and I may be the Mayor of Simpleton, but I know one thing and that's I love you. When their logic grows cold and all thinking gets done, you'll be warm in the arms of the Mayor of Simpleton.
Never forget what you are, for surely the world will not. Make it your strength. Then it can never be your weakness. Armour yourself in it, and it will never be used to hurt you.
Never give up on everything if one thing is too hard. Never give up when it falls down; just go back to the start. Never give up on everything; never give up when you can still believe. Time after time we miss the chances for us to find a better life. No looking back, no pulling punches - this is the fact time after time.
Never give up, no matter how far behind you are, no matter how unlikely it seems you will catch your competitor in front of you.
Never give up, no matter how far behind you are, no matter how unlikely it seems you will catch your competitor in front of you. Keep pushing until the checkered flag falls.
Never give up, no matter how far behind you are, no matter how unlikely it seems you will catch your competitor in front of you. Keep pushing until the checkered flag falls. How many times have you seen the leader of a race have a mechanical problem with only a few laps to go? You will never be able to take advantage of their problems if you are not close. You have to be close to take advantage of luck.
Never give up. Most races are decided in the last 10 percent of the race.
Never know how much I love you. Never know how much I care. When you put your arms around me, I get a fever that's so hard to bear - you give me fever. When you kiss me - fever when you hold me tight. Fever! In the morning. Fever all through the night.
Never say "who's there?" Don't you watch scary movies? It's a death wish. You might as well come out to investigate a strange noise or something.
Never seen her glowing all that bright she's throwing like some aurora from her head it's growing. Reaching to the ground and all around like a Navajo blanket. Never heard her singing. Now she's gently ringing like copper wind chimes. What on earth is bringing up this stream? The cat who got the cream is licking her lips and smiling like her Cheshire cousin. She claims she's found a way to make her own light. All you do is smile, you banish the night.
Never trust the living! We cannot have a routine haunting like yours provide proof that there is existence beyond death.
New thoughts and hopes were whirling through my mind, and all the colours of my life were changing.
Night gathers, and now my watch begins. It shall not end until my death. I shall take no wife, hold no lands, father no children. I shall wear no crowns and win no glory. I shall live and die at my post. I am the sword in the darkness. I am the watcher on the walls. I am the shield that guards the realms of men. I pledge my life and honor to the Night's Watch, for this night and all the nights to come.
No A-levels, no job, no future, but I'll tell you what I have got - Jericho Street Junior School's under-sevens gymnastics team. I won the bronze.
No battle is ever won. They are not even fought. The field only reveals to man his own folly and despair, and victory is an illusion of philosophers and fools.
No Big Brother is required to deprive people of their autonomy, maturity and history. As he saw it, people will come to love their oppression, to adore the technologies that undo their capacities to think.
No doubt when they speak of him as a Lion, they only mean he's as strong as a lion or (to our enemies, of course) as fierce as a lion. Or something of that kind. Even a little girl like you, Aravis, must see that it would be quite absurd to suppose he is a real lion. Indeed it would be disrespectful. If he was a lion he'd have to be a Beast just like the rest of us. Why, if he was a lion he'd have four paws, and a tail, and whiskers!
No I'm not. I'm not the best version of me. I love being The Flash. I love everything about it. The feeling of running hundreds of miles per hour, wind and power just rushing past my face, being able to help people. I'm not sure I can live without it, Caitlin.
No man is an island, entire of itself; every man is a piece of the continent, a part of the main. If a clod be washed away by the sea, Europe is the less, as well as if a promontory were, as well as if a manor of thy friend's or of thine own were: any man's death diminishes me, because I am involved in mankind, and therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls; it tolls for thee.
No man's life can be encompassed in one telling. There is no way to give each year its allotted weight, to include each event, each person who helped to shape a lifetime. What can be done is to be faithful in spirit to the record and try to find one's way to the heart of the man...
No matter how a program twists and turns to get out of itself, it is still following the rules inherent in itself. It is no more possible for it to escape than it is for a human being to decide voluntarily not to obey the laws of physics.
No matter how bad things are, you can always make things worse. At the same time, it is often within your power to make them better. I learned this lesson well on New Year's Eve, 2001.
No matter how many men you kill, you can't kill your successor.
No matter what the world is, the god of that world creates the rules. In truth, you have been defeated by the rules I created. And as punishment for defying the God of the new world, you will die...
No matter what they call us, however they attack, no matter where they take us, we'll find our own way back. I can't deny what I believe, I can't be what I'm not. I know I'll love forever, I know no matter what.
No matter where you stand on the long path, right now, try very hard to smile, and be glad you're in the game.
No more will my green sea go turn a deeper blue. I could not foresee this thing happening to you. If I look hard enough into the setting sun, my love will laugh with me before the morning comes.
No offence, but NASA spends fifteen years, hundreds of millions of dollars so that we can watch man walk on the moon and in the end it falls to you blokes! I mean, how do you feel about that?
No one can hurry me down to Hades before my time, but if a man's hour is come, be he brave or be he coward, there is no escape for him when he has once been born.
No one could figure out how I coaxed such hearty flavor out of a few chicken bones, or made such wonderful fish fumet with fish racks and shrimp shells, all in the limited time available.
No one could figure out how I coaxed such hearty flavor out of a few chicken bones, or made such wonderful fish fumet with fish racks and shrimp shells, all in the limited time available. Had my instructors given me a pat-down before class they might have learned my secret: two glassine envelopes of Minor's chicken and lobster base inside my chef's coat, for that little extra kick. They never figured it out.
No one has ever witnessed the complete evolution of any star from birth to death. Stars take a very long time - millions, billions, even trillions of years - to evolve. Yet in less than a century, astronomers have developed a comprehensive theory of stellar evolution that is one of the best-tested in all of astronomy.
No one I think is in my tree, I mean it must be high or low. That is, you know, you can't tune it. But it's all right, that is, I think it's not too bad.
No one in the history of torture's been tortured with torture like the torture you'll be tortured with!
No one who has been through this day can ever forget the beautiful series of military tableaux, the gorgeous colouring, the constantly varying effects of light and shade, under clear, blue sky, or when piles of great white cumuli were passing, until, darkening with the progress of the fight, an unnatural gloom blackened the heavens, and from the inky clouds torrents of rain poured upon the combatants. The variety of colour, light, and shade was only equalled by the variety of the military movements during the day.
No one's gonna drag you up to get into the light where you belong. But where do you belong?
No visitors allowed by decree of the Big Bob-omb. I shall never surrender my stars. They hold the power of the castle in their glow. They were a gift from Bowser, the King Koopa himself. They lie well hidden in my realm. Not a whisper of their whereabouts shall leave my lips. Oh, all right, perhaps just a hint: heed the Star names at the beginning of the course.
No! Fool that I am! I should have remembered! Those slippers will never come off as long as you're alive. But that's not what's worrying me. It's how to do it. These things must be done delicately or you hurt the spell.
No, get out of town. My mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Look, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going out with you and I'd get the standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. I mean, look, I think the woman was born a nun.
No, I don't think so; no. Mr. Kane was a man who got everything he wanted and then lost it. Maybe Rosebud was something he couldn't get, or something he lost. Anyway, it wouldn't have explained anything. I don't think any word can explain a man's life. No, I guess Rosebud is just a piece in a jigsaw puzzle... a missing piece.
No, I don't want to debate about it, if you're not over here in twenty minutes with my door I shall come over there and insert a large garden gnome in you. Good day.
No, I thought not. You have not asked me for instance, what is my favorite jam, to check that I am not an impostor. For future reference, Harry, it is raspberry... although of course, if I were a Death Eater, I would have been sure to find out my own jam preferences before impersonating myself.
No, it is impossible; it is impossible to convey the life-sensation of any given epoch of one's existence - that which makes its truth, its meaning - its subtle and penetrating essence. It is impossible. We live, as we dream: alone.
No, that is what I'm trying to tell you. He is still a child. He's a normal child. He's made some mistakes - God knows he's got a load to learn about life. That does not mean that I'm gonna let you send him to the type of school whose whole reason for being is to make him follow orders by instilling fear.
No, the goal of war is not to kill. The goal of war is to win. By surrounding the enemy, you would force him only to fight more desperately. If you surround him on three sides and leave him an escape route, he will leave your land and there will be less blood spilled on both sides. For a warrior of the Mandinka, courage is not enough.
No, you're not. You don't know how to drink. Your whole generation, you drink for the wrong reasons. My generation, we drink because it's good, because it feels better than unbuttoning your collar, because we deserve it. We drink because it's what men do.
No. Because there are people out there who buy things, people like you and me. And something happened, something terrible, and the way that they saw themselves is gone. And nobody understands that. But you do. And that's very valuable.
No. Why should your Majesty expect it? My own plans are made. While I can, I sail east in the Dawn Treader. When she fails me, I paddle east in my coracle. When she sinks, I shall swim east with my four paws. And when I can swim no longer, if I have not reached Aslan's country, or shot over the edge of the world in some vast cataract, I shall sink with my nose to the sunrise and Peepiceek will be head of the talking mice in Narnia.
No. You're just a murderer, Light Yagami. And this notebook is the deadliest weapon of mass murder in the history of mankind. You yielded to the power of the shinigami and the notebook and you have confused yourself with a god. In the end, you're nothing more than a crazy serial killer. That's all you are. Nothing more, and nothing less.
Nobody exists on purpose. Nobody belongs anywhere. We're all going to die. Come watch TV.
Nobody exists on purpose. Nobody belongs anywhere. We're all going to die. Come watch TV.
Nobody has to prove otherwise. The burden of proof is on the prosecution. The defendant doesn't even have to open his mouth. That's in the Constitution.
Nobody said it was easy. It's such a shame for us to part. Nobody said it was easy. No one ever said it would be this hard. Oh, take me back to the start.
Noontime, and I'm still pushing myself along the road, the darkest part into the narrow lanes, I can't stumble or stay put. Someone else is speaking with my mouth, but I'm listening with my heart. I've made shoes for everyone, even you, while I go barefoot.
Not every thirteen-year-old girl is accused of murder, brought to trial, and found guilty. But I was such a girl, and my story is worth relating even if it did happen years ago. Be warned, however, this is no Story of a Bad Boy, no What Katy Did. If strong ideas and action offend you, read no more. Find another companion to share your idle hours. For my part I intend to tell the truth as I lived it.
Not long after World War II, the stormy public debate over rural poverty and the human impact of agricultural change tapered off in each nation. As conservatives silenced dissenting voices by means of force or compromise, it would be concerns of productivity - not inequality - that dominated the next generation of rural policy making.
Not only do we come into fairly regular contact with people who want to know what our family looks like, but we also must navigate a vast array of organizations and agencies that have their own definitions of family and may, at times, impose them on us.
Not so happy, yet much happier. Thou shalt get kings, though thou be none.
Not so hasty! You call yourselves hobbits? But you should not go telling just anybody. You'll be letting out your own right names if you're not careful.
Not that I condone fascism, or any -ism for that matter. -Ism's in my opinion are not good. A person should not believe in an -ism, he should believe in himself. I quote John Lennon, "I don't believe in Beatles, I just believe in me." Good point there. After all, he was the walrus. I could be the walrus. I'd still have to bum rides off people.
Not too many days from this day, not too many hours from this hour. So long? The storm comes, or is it just another shower?
Nothing can be surprising anymore or impossible or miraculous, now that Zeus, father of the Olympians, has made night out of noonday, hiding the bright sunlight, and fear has come upon mankind. After this, men can believe anything, expect anything. Don't any of you be surprised in future if land beasts change places with dolphins and go to live in their salty pastures, and get to like the sounding waves of the sea more than the land, while the dolphins prefer the mountains.
Nothing drives down real estate prices like a good old-fashioned gang war. Apart from an outbreak of plague, but that may be going too far in this case.
Nothing drives people to the church faster than the thought of the Devil snapping at their heels. Maybe that was God's plan all along, why He created him, allowed him to fall from grace - to become a symbol to be feared, a warning to us all to tread the path of the righteous.
Nothing I do is my fault. My family is dysfunctional, and my parents won't empower me! Consequently, I'm not self-actualized! My behavior is addictive functioning in a disease process of codependency! I need holistic healing and wellness before I accept any responsibility for my actions!
Nothing in life is easy. But that's no reason to give up. You'll be surprised what you can accomplish if you set your mind to it.
Nothing is so painful to the human mind as a great and sudden change.
Nothing looks more suspicious in America than someone who's actually prepared to make something.
Nothing was your own except the few cubic centimetres inside your skull.
Nothing works a more complete and penetrating disaster than every "impersonal" duty, every sacrifice before the Moloch of abstraction. To think that no one has thought of Kant's categorical imperative as dangerous to life! What destroys a man more quickly than to work, think and feel without inner necessity, without any deep personal desire, without pleasure - as a mere automaton of duty?
Nothing, except he doesn't want it. He loves music he wants his life to be in music.
Nothing, nothing mattered, and I knew why. So did he. Throughout the whole absurd life I'd lived, a dark wind had been rising toward me from somewhere deep in my future, across years that were still to come, and as it passed, this wind leveled whatever was offered to me at the time, in years no more real than the ones I was living. What did other people's deaths or a mother's love matter to me; what did his God or the lives people choose or the fate they think they elect matter to me when we're all elected by the same fate, me and billions of privileged people like him who also called themselves my brothers?
Nothing. It was like being deep in outer space, so far away from everything else that he couldn't even see any stars.
Notoriety, for whatever reason, never seems to benefit the noted, only the notees.
Now a great change has come over the scene; the moon has been curtained off by a heavy mass of clouds, and its light is shut off from the water. The lights of the city shine out with increased distinctness; the moonlight that whitened the sides of the buildings now has left them black masses of vague shadow, and all at once one gets the impression of looking down into an inverted firmament studded with countless stars of as various magnitudes as in the heavens, from the bright electric arc-lights to tiny gaslights; and from this height of over 400 feet one gets the impression, familiar to those who have looked at the world from a balloon, that the rim of the horizon rises all round.
Now as to you poor devils? So as I see it, when it comes to the subject of what to do next, you gentlemen have two choices. One: once I'm gone, you could lift that beast off the remaining Speck, then carry him to the nearest town. Which would be at least 37 miles back the way you came. Or two: you could unshackle yourselves, take that rifle, put a bullet in his head, bury the two of them deep, and then make your way to a more enlightened area of this country. The choice is yours.
Now calm down. The best thing we can do is go on with our daily routine.
Now did you answer cause you thought that's what I wanted to hear, or did you think about what I said and answer cause you truly believe that to be right?
Now I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds.
Now I done grew up 'round some people livin' their life in bottles, grand daddy had the golden flask, backstroke everyday in Chicago. Some people like the way it feels. Some people wanna kill their sorrows. Some people want to fit in with the popular, that was my problem.
Now I lay me down to sleep, pray the Lord my soul to keep; if I die before I wake, pray the Lord my soul to take. Hush, little baby, don't say a word and never mind that noise you heard. It's just the beasts under your bed, in your closet, in your head.
Now I understand everyone's crap's emotional right now. But listen up. I got a three point plan to fix EVERYTHING! Number 1: we got this guy Not Sure. Number 2: he's got a higher IQ than any man ALIVE! And number 3: he's gonna fix everything! I give you my word as PRESIDENT! He'll fix the problems with all the dead crops. He's gonna make 'em GROW again! And that ain't all. I give you my word! He's gonna fix the dust storms too. Hah! And I give you my word! He's gonna fix-x-x-x-x-x-x the economy. And he's so smart! Hah! He's gonna do it all, hah, in one week.
Now I want you to think and stop being a smart aleck. A man's attitude goes some ways - the way his life will be. Is that something you agree with? So since you agree, you must be someone who does not care about the good life.
Now I will tell you the answer to my question. It is this. The Party seeks power entirely for its own sake. We are not interested in the good of others; we are interested solely in power, pure power. What pure power means you will understand presently. We are different from the oligarchies of the past in that we know what we are doing. All the others, even those who resembled ourselves, were cowards and hypocrites.
Now if there's one thing you can be sure of, it's that nothing is more powerful than a young boy's wish. Except an Apache helicopter. An Apache helicopter has machine guns and missiles. It is an unbelievably impressive complement of weaponry, an absolute death machine.
Now if you choose not to respond to my parental authority I should warn you I have mind-altering drugs in the other room and I'm not afraid to use them.
Now John at the bar is a friend of mine, he gets me my drinks for free. And he's quick with a joke or to light up your smoke, but there's someplace that he'd rather be.
Now Lina, you've been reading all those fan magazines again! Now look Lina, you shouldn't believe all that banana oil Dora Bailey and the columnists dish out. Now try to get this straight: there is nothing between us. There has never been anything between us. Just air.
Now look at this picture. Look at it hard. Then turn the page. Quiz about the page before. How many wheels on the Cat's wagon? Was there a flag in the house? Was the Cat holding his umbrella? Did the big yellow animal have blue dots? If YOU owned the big yellow animal, what would you call it?
Now my life has changed in oh so many ways, my independence seems to vanish in the haze. But every now and then I feel so insecure, I know that I just need you like I've never done before.
Now that I know that I'm breaking to pieces, I'll pull out my heart and I'll feed it to anyone. Crying for sympathy, crocodiles cry for the love of the crowd and the free cheers from everyone. Dropping through sky, through the glass of the roof, through the roof of your mouth, through the mouth of your eye, through the eye of the needle, it's easier for me to get closer to heaven than ever feel whole again.
Now that I know what I'm without, you can't just leave me. Breathe into me and make me real, bring me to life.
Now that I look back, I don't know why I was so stressed about it all this time. Funny how sometimes you worry a lot about something and it turns out to be nothing.
Now that I've lost everything to you, you say you want to start something new, and it's breaking my heart you're leaving.
Now that I've tried to talk to you and make you understand. All you have to do is close your eyes and just reach out your hands and touch me. Hold me close don't ever let me go.
Now that it was evening, they encamped by the river of forgetfulness, whose water no container can hold. It is necessary for all to drink a fixed amount of the water, but some do not have the wisdom to keep from drinking more than this amount. As one drinks one becomes forgetful of everything. In the middle of the night when they were asleep there was thunder and an earthquake, and then suddenly just like shooting stars they were borne upward, each in a different direction to his birth.
Now that you're on someone else's shoulders, the winter winds are colder on my own. Maybe we will meet when we get older. Maybe we won't. So I won't say I love you if you don't. And no you don't. So I won't say I love you if you don't.
Now the Force is what gives a Jedi his power. It's an energy field, created by all living things. It surrounds us, it penetrates us, it binds the galaxy together.
Now the scandal and the light are to be distributed differently; it is the conviction itself that marks the offender with the unequivocally negative sign: the publicity has shifted to the trial, and to the sentence.
Now the scandal and the light are to be distributed differently; it is the conviction itself that marks the offender with the unequivocally negative sign: the publicity has shifted to the trial, and to the sentence; the execution itself is like an additional shame that justice is ashamed to impose on the condemned man; so it keeps its distance from the act, tending always to entrust it to others, under the seal of secrecy.
Now the story of a wealthy family who lost everything and the one son who had no choice but to keep them all together. It's Arrested Development.
Now the years are rolling by me. They are rocking evenly. And I am older than I once was and younger than I'll be. But that's not unusual. No, it isn't strange after changes upon changes. We are more or less the same; after changes we are more or less the same.
Now there are all kinds of ideas that would be fun to believe in: mental telepathy, time travel, immortality, even Santa Claus. Now I know it's no fun to go home and say: "Guess what happened! I was in a shopping center. There was this tremendously bright light, and I rushed outside, and it was an airplane."
Now they talk about absorption in cosmopolitan proportions to their daughters as they speak of child prevention and immaculate receptions on their portable Sony entertainment centers.
Now they talk about absorption in cosmopolitan proportions to their daughters as they speak of child prevention and immaculate receptions on their portable Sony entertainment centers. Heard the neighbor slam his car door. Don't he realize this is respectable street?
Now this is a story all about how my life got flipped turned upside down, and I'd like to take a minute, just sit right there I'll tell you how I became the prince of a town called Bel-Air. In West Philadelphia, born and raised on the playground is where I spent most of my days. Chillin' out, maxin', relaxin' all cool and all shootin' some b-ball outside of the school when a couple of guys who were up to no good started makin' trouble in my neighborhood. I got in one little fight and my mom got scared and said "You're movin' with your auntie and uncle in Bel-Air."
Now this is a story all about how my life got flipped-turned upside down. And I'd like to take a minute, just sit right there. I'll tell you how I became the prince of a town called Bel Air.
Now this was a superior machine. Ten grand worth of gimmicks and high-priced special effects. The rear windows lit up with a touch like frogs in a dynamite pond. The dashboard was full of esoteric lights and dials and meters that I would never understand.
Now wait a minute. Just a minute. There's only one thing you need in life to make you happy, and that is friends. That's all you need is friends, and then you'll be happy. So if you have friends, you'll be a happy person. You also need food and clothes.
Now when you pick a pawpaw, or a prickly pear, and you prick a raw paw, next time beware. Don't pick the prickly pear by the paw. When you pick a pear, try to use the claw. But you don't need to use the claw when you pick a pear of the big pawpaw.
Now who knows, that had your twigs been bent in another direction, you Ike, may have been a great violinist. You Billy, a great architect. Sherman a dentist, Junior a dancer. Well it's never too late. Now I have here, a woodcarving set, a leather craft set, a metal craft set, and a Mr. Potato set.
Now you come to me and you say, "Don Corleone, give me justice." But you don't ask with respect. You don't offer friendship. You don't even think to call me Godfather.
Now you listen to me, I'm an advertising man, not a red herring. I've got a job, a secretary, a mother, two ex-wives and several bartenders that depend upon me, and I don't intend to disappoint them all by getting myself "slightly" killed.
Now you make sure you tell old Marlo I burned the money. 'Cause it ain't about that paper. It's about me hurtin' his people and messin' with his world. Tell that boy he ain't man enough to come down to the street with Omar. You tell him that!
Now you might ask yourself, if by yourself you mean me, "Stephen, if you don't like books, why did you write one?" You just asked yourself a trick question. I didn't write it. I dictated it. I shouted it into a tape recorder over the Columbus Day weekend, then handed it to my agent and said, "Sell this."
Now! This is it! Now is the time to choose. Die and be free of pain, or live and fight your sorrow! Now is the time to shape your stories! Your fate is in your hands!
Now, hold on, Mr. Potter. You're right when you say my father was no businessman. I know that. Why he ever started this cheap, penny-ante Building and Loan, I'll never know. But neither you nor anyone else can say anything against his character, because his whole life was... why, in the 25 years since he and his brother, Uncle Billy, started this thing, he never once thought of himself.
Now, I swear three days ago neither one of us would've ever pulled a stunt like this, but if you was ever to meet my husband, you'd understand why.
Now, I'm going to give you three simple rules. First, trust no one, whatever his uniform or rank, unless he is known to you personally. Second, anyone or anything that approaches within 200 yards of the perimeter is to be fired upon. Third, if in doubt, shoot first then ask questions afterward.
Now, imagine a universe in which the laws of physics are as parochial as local culture - changing unpredictably from place to place and defiantly resisting any outside influence to conform. Like the adventures of Gulliver, travels in such a world would expose you to an enormously rich array of unpredictable experiences. But from a physicist's perspective, this is yet another nightmare.
Now, in a perfect world, I probably won't be insensitive. Cold as December, but never remember what Winter did. I wouldn't blame you for mistakes I made or the bed I laid. Seems like I point the finger just to make a point nowadays.
Now, men, in conclusion, I would like to say that, in the two years it has been my privilege to be your commanding officer, I have always expected the best from you, and you have never given me anything less than that. Today, the nation is counting on us. We're not going to let them down. Good luck to you all.
Now, my three friends could hardly fail to notice that I disappeared once a month. I made up all sorts of stories. I told them my mother was ill, and that I had to go home to see her... I was terrified they would desert me the moment they found out what I was. But of course, they, like you, Hermione, worked out the truth...
Now, remember. According to my theory, you interfered with your parents' first meeting. If they don't meet, they won't fall in love, they won't get married, and they won't have kids. That's why your older brother's disappearing from that photograph. Your sister will follow, and unless you repair the damage, you'll be next.
Now, sir, we'll talk if you like. I'll tell you right out, I'm a man who likes talking to a man who likes to talk.
Now, that's 200 dollars, dead or alive. I'm aware this is probably disconcerting news, but I'm willing to wager this man was elected sheriff sometime in the last 2 years. I know this because 3 years ago, he was rustling cattle from the B.C. Corrigan Cattle Company of Lubbock, Texas. Now this is a warrant, made out by circuit court Judge Henry Allen Laudermilk of Austin Texas. You're encouraged to wire him. He'll back up who I am, and who your dear departed sheriff was. In other words, Marshall, you owe me 200 dollars.
Now, you want it, Nick, you buy it. - What else do I get with it? - You get a gold-plated Rolls Royce, as long as you pay for it. - Don't know, Tom, seems expensive...
Nowadays people know the price of everything and the value of nothing.
Numerous studies have shown similar results. Radiologists have failed to recognize the presence of lung disease in about 30 percent of the X-ray plates they read, despite the clear presence of the disease on the X-ray film. Another experiment proved that professional staffs in psychiatric hospitals could not tell the sane from the insane. The point is that we should not take for granted the reliability and accuracy of any judge, no matter how expert.
O beautiful for spacious skies, but now those skies are threatening. They're beating plowshares into swords for this tired old man that we elected king. Armchair warriors often fail and we've been poisoned by these fairy tales. The lawyers clean up all details since daddy had to lie.
O clear intelligence, force beyond all measure! Gentlemen, I beg you to observe these girls: one has just now lost her mind; the other, it seems, has never had a mind at all.
O say can you see, by the dawn's early light, what so proudly we hailed at the twilight's last gleaming, whose broad stripes and bright stars through the perilous fight, o'er the ramparts we watched, were so gallantly streaming? And the rockets' red glare, the bombs bursting in air, gave proof through the night that our flag was still there; o say does that star-spangled banner yet wave o'er the land of the free and the home of the brave?
O'Reilly, I have seen more intelligent creatures than you lying on their backs at the bottoms of ponds. I have seen better-organised creatures than you running round farmyards with their heads cut off. Now collect your things and get out! I never want to see you or any of your men in my hotel again!
O-objection! I... object to the witness's talkativeness.
Obviously, if I was serious about having a relationship with someone long-term, the last people I would introduce him to would be my family.
Obviously, my attempt at fooling her had been unsuccessful. My mother was still yelling at me over the phone, but I wasn't listening because I was too engrossed in trying to get out of bed to go to the living room without waking Jenna. Somehow, I managed to get out of bed and walk into the living room.
Ocean man, take me by the hand, lead me to the land that you understand. Ocean man, the voyage to the corner of the globe is a real trip. Ocean man, the crust of a tan man imbibed by the sand. Soaking up the thirst of the land.
Oceans apart day after day and I slowly go insane. I hear your voice on the line but it doesn't stop the pain. If I see you next to never how can we say forever?
October arrived, spreading a damp chill over the grounds and into the castle. Madam Pomfrey, the nurse, was kept busy by a sudden spate of colds among the staff and students.
October is inventory time, so right now, Statler Toyota is making the best deals of the year on all 1985-model Toyotas. You won't find a better car at a better price with better service anywhere in Hill Valley. That's Statler Toyota in downtown Hill Valley.
Of all creatures that breathe and move upon the earth, nothing is bred that is weaker than man.
Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world, she walks into mine.
Of all things I liked books best. My father had a large library and whenever I could manage I tried to satisfy my passion for reading. He did not permit it and would fly in a rage when he caught me in the act. He hid the candles when he found that I was reading in secret. He did not want me to spoil my eyes. But I obtained tallow, made the wicking and cast the sticks into tin forms, and every night I would bush the keyhole and the cracks and read, often till dawn.
Of course he has a knife, he always has a knife, we all have knives! It's 1183 and we're barbarians!
Of course he has a knife, he always has a knife, we all have knives! It's 1183 and we're barbarians! How clear we make it. Oh, my piglets, we are the origins of war: not history's forces, nor the times, nor justice, nor the lack of it, nor causes, nor religions, nor ideas, nor kinds of government, nor any other thing.
Of course it is in your head Harry, but why should that mean it isn't real?
Of course, as you all know, the photo portrait has been popular since the early 1800's. Your generation was not the first to use images for selfie-expression. Sorry. I couldn't resist. The point remains that the portraiture has always been a vital aspect of art, and photography, for as long as it's been around.
Of course, there are those who learn after the first few times. They grow out of sports. And there are others who were born with the wisdom to know that nothing lasts. These are the truly tough among us, the ones who can live without illusion, or without even the hope of illusion. I am not that grown-up or up-to-date. I am a simpler creature, tied to more primitive patterns and cycles. I need to think something lasts forever, and it might as well be that state of being that is a game; it might as well be that, in a green field, in the sun.
Of course. Some circus owners are colossally rich, with houses, diamonds, and automobiles, or whatever they're called. Of course, that's in America.
Of so little weight are the greatest services to princes, when put into the balance with a refusal to gratify their passions.
Of the Cold War era's myriad development projects, none has been more widely celebrated or fiercely critiqued than the concerted effort to teach US scientific agriculture to Latin American, Asian, and African farmers in pursuit of boosting global food production.
Off the Florida Keys, there's a place called Kokomo. That's where you wanna go to get away from it all. Bodies in the sand, tropical drink melting in your hand. We'll be falling in love to the rhythm of a steel drum band, down in Kokomo.
Off the top of my head, I'd say you're looking at a Boeski, a Jim Brown, a Miss Daisy, two Jethros and a Leon Spinks... not to mention the biggest Ella Fitzgerald ever.
Often I think this sad old world is whistling in the dark, just like a child who, late from school, walks bravely home through the park. To keep their spirits soaring and keep the night at bay, neither quite knowing which way they are going, they sing the shadows away.
Often the trouble with magical things. They're never quite what you'd expect.
Often, after the first years of marriage, the husband seems to lose interest in the wife. He reads the paper at the breakfast table, he doesn't answer when you talk to him. In short, he doesn't even know you're alive.
Often, we assume that a familiar situation will be but a repeat performance of a similar situation we've experienced before. But, in the strictest sense, there are no repeat performances. Every situation is unique, and we must be alert to its uniqueness.
Oh baby, it's alright. It's alright to feel like a fat child in a push chair. Old enough to run. Old enough to fire a gun. Just give me this one night, just one night, to feel like I might be on the right path. Wise enough to know myself.
Oh bliss! Bliss and heaven! Oh, it was gorgeousness and gorgeousity made flesh. It was like a bird of rarest-spun heaven metal or like silvery wine flowing in a spaceship, gravity all nonsense now. As I slooshied, I knew such lovely pictures!
Oh Danny boy, the pipes, the pipes are calling from glen to glen, and down the mountain side. The summer's gone, and all the roses falling. It's you, it's you must go and I must bide, but come ye back when summer's in the meadow, or when the valley's hushed and white with snow. I'll be here in sunshine or in shadow. Oh Danny boy, oh Danny boy, I love you so.
Oh dear god, I don't feel alive. When you're cut short of misery. Will you pray it be the end? Give a look surprised, wide eyes to me. Then you'll know just what I am. The scare that triggers your fear. Come know me in a different light now. Come know me as god.
Oh I'm sure that's exactly what you want these people to believe. You know something, Bender? You ought to spend a little more time trying to do something with yourself and a little less time trying to impress people. You might be better off. All right, that's it! I'm going to be right outside those doors! The next time I have to come in here, I'm crackin' skulls!
Oh no, I'm glad you saw this because this is exactly what I was talking about. Always undermining my authority, day in, day out it's the same thing. Like when I made Cadet Dooley do 600 laps of the perimeter for an inside-out pillow case violation, Francis organizes a sit-in. Or when I cut off the electricity on the 5th floor for a contraband boom-box, he hijacks a generator for them. The boy lives to cause chaos.
Oh we can zoom all the way to the moon from this great wide wacky world. Jump with me, grab coins with me. Oh yeah! It's time to jump up in the air (Jump up in the air). Jump up, don't be scared (Jump up, don't be scared). Jump up and your cares will soar away. And if the dark clouds start to swirl (Dark clouds start to swirl). Don't fear, don't shed a tear, 'cause I'll be your 1UP girl! So let's all jump up super high (Jump up super high). High up in the sky (High up in the sky). There's no power-up like dancing. You know that you're my superstar (You're my superstar). No one else can take me this far. I'm flipping the switch, get ready for this. Oh, let's do the odyssey.
Oh yeah, I know. We're all part-time here. You see that guy over there? Now, he's an actor. The guy on the phone, he's a prize fighter. This lady over here, she's a beautician. The man behind her, he's a writer. Me? I'm a cab driver. I'm the only cab driver in this place.
Oh yes, the past can hurt. But you can either run from it, or learn from it.
Oh! And it is lovely! Just beautiful. You know you are quite a decorator. It's amazing what you've done with such a modest budget. I like that boulder. That is a nice boulder. I guess you don't entertain much, do you?
Oh, actually all champagne is French; it's named after the region. Otherwise it's sparkling white wine. Americans of course don't recognize the convention, so it becomes that thing of calling all of their sparkling white "champagne", even though by definition they're not.
Oh, and one more thing; I've stolen a nuclear weapon. And if you do not rid this city of television in two hours, I will detonate it. Farewell. By the way, I'm well aware of the irony of appearing on TV in order to decry it, so don't bother pointing that out.
Oh, and when you held my hand, I knew that it was now or never. Those were the best days of my life.
Oh, better far to live and die under the brave black flag I fly, than play a sanctimonious part with a pirate head and a pirate heart. Away to the cheating world go you, where pirates all are well-to-do, but I'll be true to the song I sing, and live and die a pirate king.
Oh, but anyway, Toto, we're home. Home! And this is my room, and you're all here. And I'm not gonna leave here ever, ever again, because I love you all, and - oh, Auntie Em - there's no place like home!
Oh, can I really believe the poet's tales, that when one first sees the object of one's love, one imagines one has seen her long ago, that all love, like all knowledge is remembrance, that love too has its prophecies in the individual... it seems to me that I should have to possess the beauty of all girls in order to draw out a beauty equal to yours; that I should have to circumnavigate the world in order to find the place I lack and which the deepest mystery of my whole being points towards, and at the next moment, you are so near to me, filling my spirit so powerfully that I am transfigured for myself, and feel that it is good to be here.
Oh, dear, what happened? Did you get entangled in the eiderdown again? Not enough cream in your eclair? Hmmm... or did you have to talk to all your friends for so long that you didn't have time to perm your ears?
Oh, I don't know. I mean, what makes you think that elves are any more magical than something like... like a whale? You know what I mean? What if I told you a story about how underneath the ocean, there was this giant sea mammal that used sonar and sang songs and it was so big that its heart was the size of a car and you could crawl through the arteries? I mean, you'd think that was pretty magical, right?
Oh, I think the explanation might be you've been fooled by a simple olfactory misdirection, a little bit like ventriloquism of the nose. It's an elementary trick in certain parts of the galaxy. But it has gotta be said: I don't like the look of that hydrokinometer. It seems to be indicating you've got energy feeding back all the way through the retro-stabilisers feeding back into the primary heat converter. 'Cause if there's one thing you shouldn't have done, you shouldn't have let me press all those buttons. But, in fairness, I will give you one word of advice: Run!
Oh, I'm sorry, did I break your concentration? I didn't mean to do that. Please, continue. You were saying something about "best intentions"? What's the matter? Oh, you were finished? Oh, well allow me to retort: What does Marsellus Wallace look like? What country you from? "What" ain't no country I've ever heard of. They speak English in What? English, do you speak it? Then you know what I'm saying.
Oh, I'm sorry. I can't come to the door right now. I'm afraid that in my weakened condition, I could take a nasty spill down the stairs and subject myself to further school absences. You can reach my parents at their places of business. Thank you for stopping by. I appreciate your concern for my well-being. Have a nice day!
Oh, it doesn't matter what they say in the papers 'cause it's always been the same old scene. There's a new band in town, but you can't get the sound from a story in a magazine aimed at your average teen.
Oh, my life is changing every day in every possible way.
Oh, my love, my darling, I've hungered for your touch a long, lonely time, and time goes by so slowly, and time can do so much. Are you still mine?
Oh, no, sir. I'm sorry, sir. I could never answer to a whistle. Whistles are for dogs and cats and other animals, but not for children and definitely not for me. It would be too humiliating.
Oh, see, I made Louis a bet here. See, Louis bet me that we couldn't both get rich and put y'all in the poor house at the same time. He didn't think we could do it. I won.
Oh, supercalifragilisticexpialidocious! Even though the sound of it is something quite atrocious. If you say it loud enough you'll always sound precocious. Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious!
Oh, that is convenient for you. You're a fine looking fellow, aren't you? Your square jaw, your golden armour. Tell me - I want to know, I truly do - how do you live with yourself? All of us have to believe that we're decent, don't we? To let us sleep at night. How do you tell yourself that you're decent, after everything that you've done?
Oh, trust me, Doc, bringing psychiatric drugs and teenagers together is like opening a lemonade stand in the desert.
Oh, we could be the stars falling from the sky, shining how we want, brighter than the sun.
Oh, we knew we couldn't save everyone. Much as we would have liked to, say, save every victim of the twentieth-century European Holocaust, we knew that was off-limits. The ripple would have been extreme - too much happened as a result of the Holocaust. But to save even the small, insignificant victims of the past - the 'orphans of history,' as it were - didn't our own humanity demand that we try?
Oh, well since we didn't get hit by any arrows, I'll tell you a secret. Enter the forest. When you hit an area with 4 paths, go left, left, straight, right - in that order. You'll surely find something nice.
Oh, what sad times are these when passing ruffians can say Ni at will to old ladies. There is a pestilence upon this land, nothing is sacred. Even those who arrange and design shrubberies are under considerable economic stress in this period in history.
Oh, what's the matter with the crowd I'm seeing? "Don't you know that they're out of touch?" Well, should I try to be a straight A student? "If you are then you think too much. Don't you know about the new fashion, honey? All you need are looks and a whole lotta money."
Oh, yes. The past can hurt. But the way I see it, you can either run from it... or learn from it.
Oh, you think darkness is your ally. But you merely adopted the dark; I was born in it, molded by it. I didn't see the light until I was already a man, by then it was nothing to me but blinding!
Oh, you're leaving... I always knew that one day, this day would come. I've always known we're so different, and I'm not sad, because you have a lot ahead of you. I want you to take this. Don't forget me.
Oh, you're right it's sarcasm! A few weeks ago, I was happily retired, sulking by my swimming pool, and my psychotic best friend shows up out of nowhere to torture me over mistakes I made, honest mistakes I made over a decade ago! We, our little posse, are flat broke, but hey, let's go out and spend two million dollars on a tandem rotor chopper, so I can go steal nerve gas from terrorists! Forgive me, but sarcasm is all I've got! Sarcasm, and a room full of you fools!
Oh, you're too late. There's really nothing left to explore.
Oh... and how is education supposed to make me feel smarter? Besides, every time I learn something new, it pushes some old stuff out of my brain. Remember when I took that home wine-making course and I forgot how to drive?
Oh? You're approaching me? Instead of running away, you come right to me? Even though your grandfather, Joseph, told you the secret of The World, like an exam student scrambling to finish the problems on an exam until the last moments before the chime?
Ok doc, before you hit the road you might wanna grab some medkits, restock on ammo, maybe check the map to see where you are headed. There is an ammo supply crate on the back of the car if that is any comfort. Stay with the car, make use of the thumpers, and you will stand a fair chance against the antlions. I will radio ahead to let the next base know you are coming.
OK, let me get something straight: this is a journal, not a diary. I know what it says on the cover, but when Mom went out to buy this thing I specifically told her to get one that didn't say "diary" on it. Great. All I need is some jerk to catch me carrying this book around and get the wrong idea.
OK. Sam, Diane, you two are perfect together. I'm sorry I made a mistake before but you are the most perfectly matched couple ever. But, why am I telling this to you? Let's share it with the rest of the world.
Okay Ben, why don't you come open some more presents, and Santa, the Armadillo, and I will have a little talk in the kitchen. There's a sentence I never thought I'd say.
Okay everybody, gather round. I want you to watch me pay these bills.
Okay, go ahead. Call her, get married, have babies, have a great life... What do I care? I'm finished. It's all over for me. In fact, let's end it right now. Jerry, kill me, kill me now. I'm begging you. Let's just get it over with. Be a pal... Just take the pillow and put it over my face.
Okay, I don't know you, but I do know that you can fix your attitude. Do you wanna go home and feel sorry for yourself about a man you didn't wanna marry? Or do you wanna go talk to that cute boy who's been looking at you and give him your number before I throw him in my Benz for myself?
Okay, listen to me, Judy. I don't mind that you're working with my husband, or that you even bake him those little treats. That you do. But if you're going to start acting like him, you better put a mustache on, because you sound ridiculous.
Okay, maybe my dad did steal Itchy. But so what? Animation is built on plagiarism. If it weren't for someone plagiarizing The Honeymooners we wouldn't have The Flintstones. If someone hadn't ripped off Sergeant Bilko, there'd be no Top Cat. Huckleberry Hound, Chief Wiggum, Yogi Bear, hah! Andy Griffith, Edward G. Robinson, Art Carney. Your Honor, you take away our right to steal ideas, where are they gonna come from? Her?
Okay, stand outa the way. Sometimes when I go exertin' myself I use up all the air nearby and grown men faint from suffocation. Stand back. There's liable to be crackin' cement and flying steel. Get the women and kids someplace safe. Stand back...
Okay, you're out on the condition that you never enter your daughter in a beauty pageant in the state of California ever again. Ever.
Okay. I'm gonna get your money for ya. But if you don't get the President of the United States on that phone, you know what's gonna happen to you? You're gonna have to answer to the Coca-Cola company.
Olivia Pope doesn't use her magic for evil, she uses it for good. Olivia Pope doesn't move Heaven and Earth and further corrupt the justice system unless she knows at the end of the day she can put on the white hat and ride out of town.
On a dark desert highway, cool wind in my hair, warm smell of colitas rising up through the air. Up ahead in the distance, I saw a shimmering light. My head grew heavy and my sight grew dim. I had to stop for the night.
On a manual typewriter, strike the key with a nice sharp stroke - not a hard stroke, but a fast one. The sound should be sharp and quick. If you are pushing your keys rather than striking them, the sound will be mushy.
On a personal note, his death is very sad. But on a professional level, it's untenable. I've been reviewing his files. He was pursuing a number of extremely dubious positions. Are you aware that we own a 30 million dollar ostrich farm in Morocco, or that we are the majority stakeholders in three companies that specialize in invisibility? This box is filled with napkins covered with notes detailing Peter's conviction that genetically-modified cranberry fungus would become the next cotton.
On a Saturday, long Saturday night - how I lied when I said I was out. I was sitting at home doing nothing; I don't know why.
On a Saturday, long Saturday night - how I lied when I said I was out. I was sitting at home doing nothing; I don't know why. So I thought to myself, what can I do? Have a smoke, take a walk, think of you? Read a book, watch an old movie or two? But it's no fun without you.
On Ethernet networks, collisions occur when two nodes attempt to transmit at the same time. As more nodes are added to a network, collisions increase. A bridge can be used to divide a network into separate collisions domains while retaining the broadcast domain. A broadcast domain is basically a LAN as compared to an internetwork, which is multiple LANs connected by routers.
On Hard your towers cost more than normal, the Bloons move faster and you have 100 lives only. Beating round 85 in hard difficulty awards you a gold medal for that track.
On my block, a lot of people walk their dogs, and I always see them walking along with their little poop bags, which to me is just the lowest function of human life. If aliens are watching this through telescopes, they're gonna think the dogs are the leaders. If you see two life forms, one of them's making a poop, the other one's carrying it for him, who would you assume was in charge?
On my way to see my friends who lived a couple blocks away from me. As I walked through the subway it must have been about quarter past three.
On one world I encountered a feline species who spoke only in song. Beautiful. Strangely inviting given what should have been an obvious animosity. Their matriarch sung the history of her people and it was one of mystery, reverence and wonder. Their world was dying though. Its sun growing dark, illuminating them by moonlight alone. Still they sang. Songs of joy, for the time they had. Not songs for a time coming to an end. I offered to take them to another world, to save them. But they just smiled and shook their heads. I still think about them sometimes.
On other wavelengths there would probably be a lot still to see, but the mess-room screen was on normal light. Only the Minds, only the starships, would see the whole destruction perfectly; only they would be able to appreciate it for all that it had to offer. Of the entire range of the electromagnetic spectrum, the unaided human eye could see little more than one per cent: a single octave of radiation out of an immense long keyboard of tones.
On rainy afternoons, embroidering with a group of friends on the begonia porch, she would lose the thread of the conversation and a tear of nostalgia would salt her palate when she saw the strips of damp earth and the piles of mud that the earthworms had pushed up in the garden.
On random notes of parchment I'm scrawling my existence, dressed in white. This candle radiates throughout the night, and it's never burning out.
On recovering my senses, I hastened to quit a place where I hoped there was nothing further to detain me. I first filled my pockets with gold, then fastened the strings of the purse round my neck, and concealed it in my bosom.
On some shelf in some hexagon, it was argued, there must exist a book that is the cipher and perfect compendium of all other books, and some librarian must have examined that book; this librarian is analogous to a god.
On the 11:00 news tonight, a certain kind of soft drink has been found to be lethal. We won't tell you which one until after sports and the weather with Funny Sonny Storm.
On the contrary, it may happen that the atoms are launched in a rather disorderly manner. If so, most of the meetings will be uninteresting ones; but on the other hand, as in a kind of lottery, that disorder can be highly valuable, because the few meetings which are useful, being of an exceptional nature and between seemingly very remote ideas, will probably be the most important ones.
On the corner is a banker with a motorcar and little children laugh at him behind his back. And the banker never wears a mac in the pouring rain, very strange.
On the day that you were born the angels got together and decided to create a dream come true. So they sprinkled moon dust in your hair of gold and starlight in your eyes of blue.
On the eve of a day that's forgotten and fake and the trees they await and clouds anticipate the start of a day when we put on our face a mask that portrays that we don't need grace. On the eve of a day that is bigger than us but we open our eyes because we're told that we must and the trees wave their arms and the clouds try to plead, desperately yelling there's something we need. I'm not free, I asked forgiveness three times, same amount that I denied; I three-time MVPed this crime. I'm afraid to tell you who I adore, won't tell you who I'm singing towards.
On the page, punctuation performs its grammatical function, but in the mind of the reader it does more than that. It tells the reader how to hum the tune.
On the sidewalk across from me, near the entrance to a barbecue joint, some people were holding an old-fashioned revival meeting. The barbecue cook, wearing a dirty white apron, his conked hair reddish and metallic in the pale sun, and a cigarette between his lips, stood in the doorway, watching them. Kids and older people paused in their errands and stood there, along with some older men and a couple of very tough-looking women who watched everything that happened on the avenue, as though they owned it, or were maybe owned by it.
On the twenty-third day of the month of September, in an early year of a decade not too long before our own, the human race suddenly encountered a deadly threat to its very existence. And this terrifying enemy surfaced, as such enemies often do, in the seemingly most innocent and unlikely of places...
On the way to the bus stop, Bill saw somebody he recognized walking towards him, but he couldn't remember his name. He began to think of things to say when they'd be close enough to acknowledge each other. As they drew nearer, their eyes locked, uncertain if the other was gonna stop to talk. The person greeted Bill as Bill mixed up the phrases "What's up" with "How's it going?" Confused, the person blurted out "Thanks" before he knew what he was saying. Words caught in Bill's throat and he replied, "Weh." They did a sort of awkward half turn, and then continued on now confident that the other was not gonna stop to talk. They never saw each other again, and a day later had each forgotten the whole thing.
Once again, it is our job to finish what the flyboys started. We are leaving this ship platoon, and engaging the Covenant on solid ground. When we meet the enemy, we will rip their skulls from their spine, and toss 'em away, laughin'! Am I right, Marines?
Once before, I offered you peace. If you had not been so arrogant, you could have returned to your homeland with a fleet of ships. Instead, you will flee Slaver's Bay on foot, like the Beggar Queen you are.
Once I lived the life of a millionaire, spending my money, I didn't care. I carried my friends out for a good time buying bootleg liquor, champagne, and wine. Then I began to fall so low, I didn't have a friend, and no place to go. So if I ever get my hand on a dollar again I'm gonna hold on to it 'till them eagles grin. Nobody knows you when you're down and out. In my pocket, not one penny, and my friends I haven't any. But if I ever get on my feet again, then I'll meet my long lost friend. It's mighty strange, without a doubt, nobody knows you when you're down and out.
Once in a lifetime there comes a motion picture which changes the whole history of motion pictures. A picture so stunning in its effect, so vast in its impact that it profoundly affects the lives of all who see it.
Once in a while maybe you will feel the urge to break international copyright law by downloading MP3s from file sharing sites like Morpheus or Grokster or LimeWire or Kazaa.
Once more into the fray. Into the last good fight I'll ever know. Live and die on this day. Live and die on this day.
Once there were two moons in the sky, but one wandered too close to the sun and cracked from the heat. A thousand thousand dragons poured forth, and drank the fire of the sun. That is why dragons breathe flame. One day the other moon will kiss the sun too, and then it will crack and the dragons will return.
Once upon a time a boy's popularity was based on kickball abilities, pea-shooting range, and how much of the alphabet he could squeeze off with one burp. For the same boy to acquire a comparable level of popularity in junior high school he's gonna need a girl.
Once upon a time there lived a magnificent race of animals that dominated the world through age after age. They ran, they swam, and they fought and they flew, until suddenly, quite recently, they disappeared. Nature just gave up and started again. We weren't even apes then. We were just these smart little rodents hiding in the rocks. And when we go, nature will start over. With the bees, probably. Nature knows when to give up, David.
Once upon a time there was a lovely princess, but she had an enchantment upon her of a fearful sort which could only be broken by love's first kiss. She was locked away in a castle guarded by a terrible fire-breathing dragon. Many brave knights had attempted to free her from this dreadful prison, but none prevailed. She waited in the dragon's keep in the highest room of the tallest tower for her true love and true love's first kiss.
Once upon a time there was a lovely princess. But she had an enchantment upon her of a fearful sort which could only be broken by love's first kiss. She was locked away in a castle guarded by a terrible fire-breathing dragon. Many brave knights had attempted to free her from this dreadful prison, but none prevailed. She waited in the dragon's keep in the highest room of the tallest tower for her true love and true love's first kiss.
Once upon a time, at the foot of a great mountain, there was a town where the people known as happy folk lived, their very existence a mystery to the rest of the world, obscured as it was by great clouds. Here they played out their peaceful lives, innocent to the litany of excessive violence that was growing in the world below - to live in harmony with the spirit of the mountain, called Monkey, was enough. Then one day, strange folk arrived in the town. They came in camouflage, hidden behind dark glasses, but no one noticed them. They only saw shadows, you see. Without the truth to the eyes, the happy folk were blind.
Once you fall, Septimus repeated to himself, human nature is on you. Holmes and Bradshaw are on you. They scour the desert. They fly screaming into the desert. The rack and the thumbscrew are applied. Human nature is remorseless.
Once you free your mind about a concept of harmony and music being correct you can do whatever you want. So, nobody told me what to do, and there was no preconception of what to do.
Once you get into the processed foods you have to be a fairly determined ecological detective to follow the intricate and increasingly obscure lines of connection linking the Twinkie, or the nondairy creamer, to a plant growing in the earth some place, but it can be done.
One can gaze upon something and see wonder in it. Two can gaze together and share that wonder. We are forever emitting sparks of imagination, so let's spark together. In every mind there is a piece of code that operates our creative functions. It forms a conduit called a Cerebrum-bilical that extends to the farthest reaches of imagination... so let's build! Together we can push back the boundaries until they are a mere speck on the stellar horizon.
One day beneath the lemon tree, my love and I did lie. A girl so sweet that when she smiled the stars rose in the sky. We passed that summer lost in love beneath the lemon tree. The music of her laughter hid my father's words from me.
One day in Boston, I was in Harvard Square. I saw a cover of Popular Electronics with this thing that looked like what I had been imagining, and so I grabbed it off the shelf, I looked at it and I bought it and I ran back to Bill's dorm, and I think he was probably playing poker that night and usually losing money at that point. One of the few times when that's been the case.
One day she left without a word, she took away the sun. And in the dark she left behind, I knew what she had done. She'd left me for another, it's a common tale but true.
One day soon, man is going to be able to harness incredible energies, maybe even the atom... energies that could ultimately hurl us to other worlds in... in some sort of spaceship. And the men that reach out into space will be able to find ways to feed the hungry millions of the world and to cure their diseases. They will be able to find a way to give each man hope and a common future. And those are the days worth living for.
One day when I was able to get up, I decided to look at myself in the mirror on the opposite wall. I had not seen myself since the ghetto. From the depths of the mirror, a corpse was contemplating me. The look in his eyes as he gazed at me has never left me.
One day you're in a funk about things, telling a friend that years of evidence point to the conclusion that you will be single for the rest of your life. That night you meet someone, and a year later you're engaged to be married.
One day you're in a funk about things, telling a friend that years of evidence point to the conclusion that you will be single for the rest of your life. That night you meet someone, and a year later you're engaged to be married. That this very scenario happened to me is likely of little comfort to those still wondering about their future.
One day, the guy on a buffalo was cruisin' around through the plains. Seen a bear; and he thought to himself, "Oh man! I gotta get away from the bear. Hope he don't chase... Oh no! He's gonna chase me. Oh no! I better turn around and chase him back 'cause guess what! I'm on a buffalo!"
One essential rule: make sure the joke is the last possible thought, and don't add other words to the sentence after the joke. If you do, the audience will think that your take-off was only a setup for a bigger laugh coming up.
One just can't imagine what prison is like from outside. You think, well, there'd be lots of time to think and read, it wouldn't be too bad. But it is too bad. It's the slowness of time. I'll swear. All the clocks in the world have gone centuries slower since I came here.
One key element of any society is its collection of statuses - the positions that individuals within the society occupy. When most of us hear the word status, we tend to associate it with rank or prestige. But here we're talking about a status as any socially defined position a person can occupy: cook, daughter, anthropologist, husband, computer nerd, electrician, Facebook friend, shoplifter, and so on.
One likes to believe in the freedom of music but glittering prizes and endless compromises shatter the illusion of integrity, yeah. Invisible airwaves crackle with life. Bright antennae bristle with the energy. Emotional feedback on a timeless wavelength bearing a gift beyond price almost free.
One man is dead, another man's life is at stake, if there's a reasonable doubt in your minds as to the guilt of the accused, uh a reasonable doubt, then you must bring me a verdict of "Not Guilty". If, however, there's no reasonable doubt, then you must, in good conscience, find the accused "Guilty". However you decide, your verdict must be unanimous. In the event that you find the accused "Guilty", the bench will not entertain a recommendation for mercy. The death sentence is mandatory in this case. You're faced with a grave responsibility, thank you, gentlemen.
One man, one family driven from the land; this rusty car creaking along the highway to the west. I lost my land, a single tractor took my land. I am alone and bewildered.
One may feel, as I do, a sort of aesthetic distaste for Gandhi, one may reject the claims of sainthood made on his behalf (he never made any such claim himself, by the way), one may also reject sainthood as an ideal and therefore feel that Gandhi's basic aims were anti-human and reactionary: but regarded simply as a politician, and compared with the other leading political figures of our time, how clean a smell he has managed to leave behind!
One mile to the west, Emerson Cod was also not thrilled. During times of stress or anxiety, he liked to knit. Since the arrival of the dead girl who was not dead, he found the stockinette stitch relaxing.
One more turn and I'll settle the score. A rubber fire screams into the night. Crash and burn is what you're gonna do. I am the master of the asphalt fight.
One of the common causes of difficulty in reading for precise, exact, and thorough understanding is proceeding at too rapid a pace. If a pupil has learned to read quite rapidly to get the main ideas and has tended to habituate this speed, he is likely to adopt it in reading very difficult material or in reading when he wants to understand precisely and thoroughly.
One of the few things I still miss from my Midwest childhood was this weird, deluded but unshakable conviction that everything around me existed all and only For Me. Am I the only one who had this queer deep sense as a kid? - that everything exterior to me existed only insofar as it affected me somehow? - that all things were somehow, via some occult adult activity, specially arranged for my benefit?
One of the greatest attributes of God is power. Power to create, power to lay down and power to take up, power to control the earth and the heavens, and power to consume His enemies. God is full of power, glory, and majesty and He has given all His children power to become great, power to destroy the works of Satan, power to become children of God, power to dominate, power to procreate, power to fulfill destiny.
One of the hardest things to do in a fight is to make it look like you're trying to kill someone without doing any permanent damage. They don't teach any half-moves in combat training. There are moves designed to kill and maim as efficiently as possible. If those are off limits, one option is open your fist right before a punch lands. Painful, but the force is distributed. Another showy option is a kick to the shoulder. You might break a rib or two, but if you aim right, nobody is going to the morgue.
One of the most tragic things I know about human nature is that all of us tend to put off living. We are all dreaming of some magical rose garden over the horizon instead of enjoying the roses that are blooming outside our windows today.
One of you go find the forest ranger. Since we're done with the May Day rites and it's still so early in the morning, my love will have a chance to hear the beautiful music of my hunting dogs barking as they chase their prey. Unleash the dogs in the western valley. Let them go. Now go find the forest ranger.
One overarching lesson we have learned during the past hundred years is that the known laws of physics are associated with principles of symmetry.
One particle of unobtainium has a nuclear reaction with the flux capacitor, carry the two, changing its atomic isotope into a radioactive spider. Screw you science!
One respondent said "For women - a lot of games are crap - they're about armies and shooting. Ninety percent of games are not what I consider provocative for a broad audience." This seems to be a common concern.
One ring to rule them all, one ring to find them, one ring to rule them all, and in the darkness bind them.
One scientist I met recently told me he reckoned that the average household in Europe or North America has so many devices and such a variety of food and clothing that to produce the same lifestyle in Roman times would have required six thousand slaves.
One should never be ashamed to cry. Tears are rain on the dust of earth.
One thing I've learned in the last seven years: in every game and con there's always an opponent, and there's always a victim. The trick is to know when you're the latter, so you can become the former.
One thing is for certain, there is no stopping them; the ants will soon be here. And I, for one, welcome our new insect overlords.
One thing, or an infinite number of things, dies with every man's or woman's death.
One town's very like another when your head's down over your pieces, brother.
One way to celebrate Grav-Mass is to decorate a tree with apples and other fruits. Glue them or attach them, but not too well! The idea is that occasionally a fruit should fall. Put them on the tree no more than 2 feet up, so that they won't get damaged or hurt anybody when they fall. Investigating and perfecting the methods for doing this is a great way to expose a child to the process of scientifically studying the behavior of the physical world.
One way to combat the horizon effect is to continue search when an otherwise terminal situation is judged to be particularly dynamic. Such heuristic continuation is sometimes called feedover.
One, don't pick up the phone. You know he's only calling 'cause he's drunk and alone. Two, don't let him in. You have to kick him out again. Three, don't be his friend. You know you're gonna wake up in his bed in the morning, and if you're under him, you ain't getting over him.
Only I could do it! I was well aware that killing people is crime in itself! Yet at that point it was the only way to make things right! I thought to myself that someday people will come to realize this as much, and regard it as an act of justice! I had no choice but to act as Kira... it was the destiny given to me. I was chosen to renew this rotten world, to bring about true peace - a utopia.
Only the silent, sleepy, staring houses in the backwoods can tell all that has lain hidden since the early days; and they are not communicative, being loath to shake off the drowsiness which helps them forget. Sometimes one feels that it would be merciful to tear down these houses, for they must often dream.
Only those who know the supremacy of the intellectual life - the life which has a seed of ennobling thought and purpose within - can understand the grief of one who falls from that serene activity into the absorbing soul-wasting struggle with worldly annoyances.
Only when he finally lowered his gaze did it occur to him that there was something unusual about the purple-hued horizon. Instead of the sky and the sea meeting in a straight line - as they ought to and always had before - the juncture between them curved, like the edge of an unimaginably big circle. It was such a strange sight, it took Eragon a half-dozen seconds to understand what he was seeing, and when he did, his scalp tingled and he felt as if the breath had been knocked out of him. "The world is round," he whispered. "The sky is hollow and the world is round."
Only, we must allow time. But our demands as far as time is concerned are no less exorbitant than those which the heart requires in order to change. For one thing, time is the very thing that we are least willing to allow, for our suffering is acute and we are anxious to see it brought to an end. And then, too, the time which the other heart will need in order to change will have been spent by our own heart in changing itself too, so that when the goal we had set ourselves becomes attainable it will have ceased to be our goal.
Ooh, if the shoe fits, wear it. If New York's in debt, why should Virginia bear it? Uh! Our debts are paid, I'm afraid. Don't tax the South 'cause we got it made in the shade. In Virginia, we plant seeds in the ground. We create. You just wanna move our money around. This financial plan is an outrageous demand.
Ooh, Krotchy gets his own day. Why do I suspect the mayor owns stock in this toy company?
Open to everything happy and sad, seeing the good when it's all going bad. Seeing the sun when I can't really see, hoping the sun will at least look at me. Focus on everything better today; all that I needed I never could say. Hold on to people - they're slipping away. Hold on to this while it's slipping away.
Open up your heart to me now. Let it all come pouring out. There's nothing I can't take. If it's love just feel it. And if this life will see it. This is no time to be alone, alone yeah. I won't let you go.
Opening your eyes is all that is needing. The heart lies and the head plays tricks with us, but the eyes see true. Look with your eyes. Hear with your ears. Taste with your mouth. Smell with your nose. Feel with your skin. Then comes the thinking, afterward, and in that way knowing the truth.
Opponents of a "scientific" approach to the social sciences claim that much of the apparent sterility and lack of progress in these disciplines is the result of slavish attempts to force folk psychology into the mold of a scientific theory of the causes and effects of action. The social scientists and philosophers who oppose the scientific approach and those who support it agree that in certain areas the social sciences have not progressed. But the diagnosis of the former does not blame the lack of progress on the complexity of social life, the inability to undertake experiments, or the failure to find the appropriate "natural kinds."
Other keyboard layouts have been created since, and some are demonstrably more efficient, but the original continues to thrive. It is a telling demonstration of the power of inertia and the reward of being first.
Other keyboard layouts have been created since, but the original continues to thrive. It is a telling demonstration of the power of inertia and the reward of being first.
Other kids' games are all such a bore! They've got to have rules and they gotta keep score! Calvinball is better by far! It's never the same! It's always bizarre! You don't need a team or a referee! You know that it's great, 'cause it's named after me!
Other teams speak of Network in hushed tones and concoct conspiracy theories to explain their success. Network uses computers to communicate with thousands of experts nationwide, who answer the questions for them. Network enforces military-like discipline during the contest to keep players on strict sleep and duty schedules. Network gets the answers fed to them straight from the Oz, who (this part is true) first hooked the Network guys on trivia while he was their ninth-grade algebra teacher.
Others say, "Dress for the job you want." I say dress like the man you wanna be. Nick, we have an obligation to assault the commonplace every chance we get, from the clothes we wear, to the art we collect, to the women in our lives.
Our attempts to succeed in life will be largely determined by our confidence. This rests on the way we see ourselves, what we believe about ourselves, what we believe we are capable of.
Our culture has become hooked on the quick-fix, the life hack, efficiency. Everyone is on the hunt for that simple action algorithm that nets maximum profit with the least amount of effort. There's no denying this attitude may get you some of the trappings of success, if you're lucky, but it will not lead to a calloused mind or self-mastery. If you want to master the mind and remove your governor, you'll have to become addicted to hard work. Because passion and obsession, even talent, are only useful tools if you have the work ethic to back them up.
Our evaluations of reflection and transmission at material interfaces in various situations will, in addition to the underlying physical processes and mathematical relations between the local fields and waves at the interfaces, also include all implications to the distributions of total fields and waves in each of the material regions in the system, as well as the related energy and power considerations.
Our existence on this planet may well depend on the decisions we make and the actions we take. Now is the time to act!
Our files show that the Smuggler is whacked-out paranoid. Watch for booby traps. And the latest news: your brother's team hit some resistance, so they're going to be delayed while we bring in chopper support.
Our job is to find truth, no matter how painful it may be.
Our last night together we did a lot. Whole lot. But, there were some things we couldn't do. Alex's parents had already bought a new home, most of the neighborhood had; Munch's too, so one-by-one people started to move, my parents hadn't so we got to stay. New people started moving in and Mulberry Woods started again, but not the one that had my friends in it. When you're a kid, you think you're invisible. You think you can't make a difference. We're not kids anymore! We know now that we can do anything! Having a friend light years away taught us that distance, is just a state of mind. If you're best friends then you always will be no matter where you are in the universe.
Our minds are born festering with sin. Some are so blighted, they will never find redemption. The mind must not be pulled from the roots. My children ware without blame, without fault - and without choice. For what is the value of will when the spirit is found wanting?
Our mission was called "a successful failure," in that we returned safely but never made it to the moon. In the following months, it was determined that a damaged coil built inside the oxygen tank sparked during our cryo stir and caused the explosion that crippled the Odyssey. It was a minor defect that occurred two years before I was even named the flight's commander.
Our on demand culture is fueling entitlement. From drone delivery to overnight six-pack abs, we want what we want and we want it now. Lost is an appreciation for craft. For hard work. For the long haul. But that journey - and all the obstacles, struggle and setbacks that come with it - shouldn't be avoided. And it shouldn't just be tolerated. It should be welcomed with all the enthusiasm you can muster. Because love of process is everything. Without it, you simply will not reach your potential. Period.
Our people are good people; our people are kind people. Pray God some day kind people won't all be poor.
Our prematurity brought a second big advantage: it forced us to communicate. A newborn human is so helpless that it cannot survive without communicating its needs. Many babies died in the past. But some babies were better at signaling their needs, and some mothers were better at interpreting the signals. Babies who got their needs met lived to pass on their genes and their mother's genes. We were thus naturally selected for the ability to communicate.
Our story begins, as these stories often do, with a young up-and-coming politician. He's a deeply religious man and a member of the conservative party. He is completely single-minded and has no regard for the political process. Eventually, his party launches a special project in the name of 'national security'. At first, it is believed to be a search for biological weapons and it is pursued regardless of its cost. However, the true goal of the project is power, complete and total hegemonic domination.
Our story begins, as these stories often do, with a young up-and-coming politician. He's a deeply religious man and a member of the conservative party. He's completely single-minded and has no regard for the political process. The more power he attains, the more obvious his zealotry and the more aggressive his supporters become. Eventually, his party launches a special project in the name of national security. At first, it's believed to be a search for biological weapons and is pursued without regard to its cost. However, the true goal of this project is power. Complete and total hegemonic domination.
Our whole universe was in a hot, dense state then nearly fourteen billion years ago expansion started. Wait! The Earth began to cool. The autotrophs began to drool. Neanderthals developed tools. We built a wall; we built the pyramids. Math, science, history, unraveling the mystery that all started with the big bang. Bang!
Our world, with its rules of causality, has trained us to be miserly with forgiveness. By forgiving them too readily, we can be badly hurt. But if we've learned from a mistake and became better for it, shouldn't we be rewarded for the learning, rather than punished for the mistake?
Our worst fears, like our greatest hopes, are not outside our powers, and we can come in the end to triumph over the former and to achieve the latter.
Out in California they're gonna have some warm weather tomorrow, gang wars, and some very overpriced real estate. Up in the Pacific Northwest as you can see they're gonna have some very, very tall trees.
Out of all the reindeers you know you're the mastermind. Run, run Rudolph, Randolph ain't too far behind. Run, run Rudolph, Santa's got to make it to town. Santa make him hurry tell him he can take the freeway down. Run, run Rudolph, 'cause I'm reelin' like a merry-go-round.
Out of another I get a lovely view of the bay and a little private wharf belonging to the estate. There is a beautiful shaded lane that runs down there from the house. I always fancy I see people walking in these numerous paths and arbors, but John has cautioned me not to give way to fancy in the least. He says that with my imaginative power and habit of story-making, a nervous weakness like mine is sure to lead to all manner of excited fancies, and that I ought to use my will and good sense to check the tendency. So I try.
Out of my thoughts! You are part of my existence, part of myself. You have been in every line I have ever read, since I first came here, the rough common boy whose poor heart you wounded even then. You have been in every prospect I have ever seen since - on the river, on the sails of the ships, on the marshes, in the clouds, in the light, in the darkness, in the wind, in the woods, in the sea, in the streets. You have been the embodiment of every graceful fancy that my mind has ever become acquainted with.
Out on the road today I saw a Deadhead sticker on a Cadillac. A little voice inside my head said: "Don't look back, you can never look back." I thought I knew what love was. What did I know? Those days are gone forever. I should just let 'em go.
Outdoor privies and cesspools must be carefully attended to. The latter can be easily covered so no flies can get in and if the filthy and in every way dangerous pit under the privy be filled and the dry-earth closet substituted, one of the greatest sources of danger, especially in the country and in towns with inadequate sewerage facilities, will be done away with. After these things are done there remain only the garbage cans and the rubbish heaps to look after.
Outside of two men on a train platform there's nothing in sight. They're waiting for spring to come, smoking down the track. The world could come to an end tonight, but that's alright. She could still be there sleeping when I get back.
Outside the street's on fire in a real death waltz, between what's flesh and what's fantasy. And the poets down here don't write nothing at all. They just stand back and let it all be. And in the quick of a knife, they reach for their moment and try to make an honest stand, but they wind up wounded, not even dead.
Over and over again we have tried to find a peaceful way out of the differences between ourselves and those who are now our enemies, but it has been in vain. We have been forced into a conflict, for we are called to meet the challenge of a principle, which, if it were to prevail, would be fatal to any civilized order in the world. Such a principle, stripped of all disguise, is surely the mere primitive doctrine that "might is right."
Over the past decade, we've seen strong economic growth but anemic job growth; big leaps in productivity but flat-lining wages; hefty corporate profits, but a shrinking share of these profits going to workers.
Overhead the albatross hangs motionless upon the air and deep beneath the rolling waves, in labyrinths of coral caves - the echo of a distant tide comes willowing across the sand, and everything is green and submarine.
Owners of dogs will have noticed that, if you provide them with food and water and shelter and affection, they will think you are god. Whereas owners of cats are compelled to realize that, if you provide them with food and water and shelter and affection, they draw the conclusion that they are gods.
Oxygen gets you high. In a catastrophic emergency, you're taking giant panicked breaths. Suddenly you become euphoric, docile. You accept your fate. It's all right here. Emergency water landing - 600 miles an hour. Blank faces, calm as Hindu cows.
Pacific, Mountain, Central. You lose an hour, you gain an hour. This is your life, and it's ending one minute at a time.
Padre, these are subtleties! We are not concerned with motives, with the higher ethics. We are concerned only with cutting down crime and with relieving the ghastly congestion in our prisons. He will be your true Christian, ready to turn the other cheek, ready to be crucified rather than crucify, sick to the heart at the thought of killing a fly. Reclamation! Joy before the angels of God! The point is that it works.
Pain and suffering are always inevitable for a large intelligence and a deep heart. The really great men must, I think, have great sadness on earth.
Pal, you got that moisture on your head. Now you can go back to Punxsutawney, or you can go ahead and freeze to death. It's your choice. So what's it gonna be?
Paper as we know it today was invented in China in around 100 AD. Wood and other fibrous material is mixed with liquid and mashed into a pulp, which is then poured onto fine screens. The liquid drains away, leaving a thin layer of fibrous material on the wire. When this material dries, it becomes paper.
Paranoia is a survival trait when you run in my circles. It gives you something to do in your spare time, coming up with solutions to ridiculous problems that aren't ever going to happen. Except when one of them does, at which point you feel way too vindicated.
Parisian French is different from Provincial French and German is spoken a little differently in northern and southern Germany. Sound complicated? Welcome to international business and politics.
Patience, he thought. So much of this was patience - waiting, and thinking and doing things right. So much of all this, so much of all living was patience and thinking.
Paul Gauguin asked, "Whence do we come? What are we? Where are we going?" Well, I don't know about anyone else, but I came from my room, I'm a kid with big plans, and I'm going outside! See ya later! Say, who the heck is Paul Gauguin anyway?
Pause you who read this, and think for a moment of the long chain of iron or gold, of thorns or flowers, that would never have bound you, but for the formation of the first link on one memorable day.
Pauses, ellipses, the appearance and disappearance of commas, the placement (or absence) of speech prefixes - surely such tiny events have only the most trivial bearing on the literary or the theatrical design of the drama.
People always ask me how can we charge so much for what amounts to gradations of white. I tell them it's not about the artist's name or the skill required, not even about the art itself. All that matters is "How does it make you feel?"
People come, people go - they'll drift in and out of your life, almost like characters in a favorite book. When you finally close the cover, the characters have told their story and you start up again with another book, complete with new characters and adventures. Then you find yourself focusing on the new ones, not the ones from the past.
People don't want their lives fixed. Nobody wants their problems solved. Their dramas. Their distractions. Their stories resolved. Their messes cleaned up. Because what would they have left? Just the big scary unknown.
People get ready, there's a train coming. You don't need no baggage, you just get on board. All you need is faith to hear the diesels humming. Don't need no ticket, you just thank the Lord.
People go missing around here, they're gone for good. Outsiders come, they don't know where to walk. They bring trouble. We just want to be left alone. And so does he.
People in both fields operate with beliefs and biases. To the extent you can eliminate both and replace them with data, you gain a clear advantage.
People just don't understand what is involved in this. This is an art form! You know, I think that most people just think that I hold a camera and point at stuff, but there is a heck of a lot more to it than just that.
People know what they do; frequently they know why they do what they do; but what they don't know is what what they do does.
People only understand things in terms of their experience, which means that you must get within their experience.
People remember their high school days as the high point of their lives. People say these things because everyone holds fond memories of their time in high school; however, I doubt that every high school student would want to remember their school life that way. For example, if neither studying, nor sports, nor socializing are of interest to someone, what then? What if there are students who prefer to keep a low profile? Though I guess that would be a pretty lonely way to live.
People running everywhere, don't know the way to go, don't know where I am. Can't see past the next step, don't have to think past the last mile, have no time to look around. Just run around, run around and think why.
People say I'm crazy doing what I'm doing. Well, they give me all kinds of warnings to save me from ruin. When I say that I'm okay, well they look at me kinda strange. Surely, you're not happy now, you no longer play the game.
People say I'm lazy, dreaming my life away. Well they give me all kinds of advice designed to enlighten me. When I tell them that I'm doing fine watching shadows on the wall.
People say these things because everyone holds fond memories of their time in high school; however, I doubt that every high school student would want to remember their school life that way. For example, if neither studying, nor sports, nor socializing are of interest to someone, what then?
People talk to you a great deal about your education, but some good memory is perhaps the best education.
People think that a liar gains a victory over his victim. What I've learned is that a lie is an act of self-abdication, because one surrenders one's reality to the person to whom one lies, making that person one's master, condemning oneself from then on to faking the sort of reality that person's view requires to be faked. And if one gains the immediate purpose of the lie - the price one pays is the destruction of what the gain was intended to serve. The man who lies to the world is the world's slave from then on.
People want to like who they're voting for. People thought Al Gore was a big stiff until he stuck his tongue down Tipper's throat. They put George W. in office because he and Laura seemed like a fun couple to have a beer with. People have to want to invite you in for dinner. Right now, you and your wife are standing in their doorway, three feet apart, not looking at each other, letting in the cold air. That's why you lost Iowa. It's why you'll lose New Hampshire.
People won't be people when you hear this sound, that's been glowing in the dark at the edge of the town. People won't be people, no, the people won't be people when they hear this sound. Won't you show me what begins at the edge of the town?
People's beliefs about their abilities have a profound effect on those abilities. Ability is not a fixed property; there is a huge variability in how you perform. People who have a sense of self-efficacy bounce back from failures; they approach things in terms of how to handle them rather than worrying about what can go wrong.
Perhaps however the most satisfactory definition of a rock is an aggregate of mineral particles. This definition makes no assumption as to the composition or state of aggregation of the particles and hence may be taken to include the accumulations of all ages and of all degrees of solidification and alteration, without regard to their manner of formation.
Perhaps I will die too, she told herself, and the thought did not seem so terrible to her. If she flung herself from the window, she could put an end to her suffering, and in the years to come the singers would write songs of her grief. Her body would lie on the stones below, broken and innocent, shaming all those who had betrayed her. Sansa went so far as to cross the bedchamber and throw open the shutters, but then her courage left her, and she ran back to her bed, sobbing.
Perhaps I'm just projecting my own concern about it. I know I've never completely freed myself from the suspicion that there are some extremely odd things about this mission. I'm sure you agree there's some truth in what I say.
Perhaps if you know you are insane then you are not insane.
Perhaps if you know you are insane then you are not insane. Or you are becoming sane, finally. Waking up.
Perhaps if you know you are insane then you are not insane. Or you are becoming sane, finally. Waking up.
Perhaps it might be better, Mr. President, if you were more concerned with the American People than with your image in the history books.
Perhaps it was an old flame he was in mourning for from the days beyond recall. She thought she understood. She would try to understand him because men were so different.
Perhaps love is like a resting place, a shelter from the storm. It exists to give you comfort. It is there to keep you warm.
Perhaps love is like a resting place, a shelter from the storm. It exists to give you comfort. It is there to keep you warm. And in those times of trouble when you are most alone, the memory of love will bring you home.
Perhaps love is like a window, perhaps an open door. It invites you to come closer. It wants to show you more. And even if you lose yourself, and don't know what to do, the memory of love will see you through.
Perhaps most importantly, studying myths can teach us about people around the world - their cultures and what is (or was) important to them.
Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood.
Perhaps the most serious way in which parasites that are usually harmless may become of great importance is illustrated by their introduction into new regions or, as is more often the case, by the introduction of new hosts into the region where the parasites are found. Under normal conditions the animals of a given region are usually immune to the parasites of the same region.
Perhaps the most successful disciple of the Graham and Dodd approach was a canny midwesterner named Warren Buffett, who is often called "the sage of Omaha." Buffett compiled a legendary investment record, allegedly following the approach of the firm-foundation theory.
Perhaps the most valuable result of all education is the ability to make yourself do the thing you have to do, when it ought to be done, whether you like it or not; it is the first lesson that ought to be learned; and however early a man's training begins, it is probably the last lesson that he learns thoroughly.
Peripheral vision and the feel of the keyboard provide some knowledge about key locations. Frequently used keys become completely learned, infrequently used keys are not learned well, and the other keys are partially learned. But as long as a typist needs to watch the keyboard, the speed is limited. The knowledge is still mostly in the world, not in the head.
Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted; persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting to find a plot in it will be shot.
Peter Bailey was not a businessman. That's what killed him. Oh, I don't mean any disrespect to him, God rest his soul. He was a man of high ideals. So called. But ideals without common sense can ruin this town.
Peter Pumpkinhead came to town spreading wisdom and cash around. Fed the starving and housed the poor. Showed the Vatican what gold's for. But he made too many enemies of the people who would keep us on our knees. Hooray for Peter Pumpkin. Who'll pray for Peter Pumpkinhead?
PETITION: to make whiney congressmen play violent video games.
Photo shoot fresh, looking like wealth. I'm 'bout to call the paparazzi on myself. Uh, live from the Mercer. Run up on Yeezy the wrong way, I might murk ya. Flee in the G four fifty I might surface. Political refugee, asylum can be purchased. Uh, everything's for sale, I got five passports. I'm never going to jail.
Picking up the pieces, half alive in a nine 'til five, vacant eyes, is it any wonder? Primal scream at the TV screen, close your eyes. Now the world is too much with me. Please leave, just go away. Before I lose my mind completely, just leave, please go now.
Picture yourself in a boat on a river, with tangerine trees and marmalade skies. Somebody calls you, you answer quite slowly - a girl with kaleidoscope eyes. Cellophane flowers of yellow and green, towering over your head. Look for the girl with the sun in her eyes and she's gone.
Pizza! There's a reason pizza is a timeless culinary classic. You've got an artisan golden-brown crust, you've got a tangy, garlic-infused marinara sauce, and you're topping it all with a mouth-watering three-cheese blend. And we're just getting started! Let's throw some fresh pepper and tomato on the top. Oh, my!
Planet Earth. This is where I was born. And this is where I died. The first nineteen years of my life, nothing happened. Nothing at all, not ever. And then I met a man called the Doctor. A man who could change his face. And he took me away from home in his magical machine. He showed me the whole of time and space. I thought it would never end.
Plato is always concerned to advocate views that will make people what he thinks virtuous; he is hardly ever intellectually honest, because he allows himself to judge doctrines by their social consequences.
Play the victim all you want. But you and me? We know the truth. Dad loved you best. More than Michael. More than me. Then he brought the new baby home and you couldn't handle it. So this is all just one big temper tantrum. Time to grow up.
Please forget me. You were right, dear, I am cold and self-involved. And though I'll miss you, recent lover, I am weak, and therefore fold... Get distracted by my music, think of nothing else but art! I'll write my loneliness in poems, if I can just think how to start: "Dot my I's with eyebrow pencils, close my eyelids, hide my eyes. I'll be idle in my ideals; think of nothing else but I."
Please forget me. You were right, dear, I am cold and self-involved. And though I'll miss you, recent lover, I am weak, and therefore fold... Get distracted by my music, think of nothing else but art! I'll write my loneliness in poems, if I can just think how to start: "Dot my I's with eyebrow pencils, close my eyelids, hide my eyes. I'll be idle in my ideals; think of nothing else but I."
Please give me one last ounce of strength. I won't run away from things anymore. From tomorrow, I'll look at people's faces. From tomorrow, I'll listen to their voices. From tomorrow, I promise to do things right.
Plumbers have everything: greed, sex, spirituality, white-knuckled chases, shameful propositions, a nun, humor, true love, jaded love, taut action, comedy, a bad guy, a good guy, a hero, spine-tingling suspense, a hot babe, a damsel in distress, and a Hollywood ending!
Poets claim that we recapture for a moment the self that we were long ago when we enter some house or garden in which we used to live in our youth. But these are most hazardous pilgrimages, which end as often in disappointment as in success. It is in ourselves that we should rather seek to find those fixed places, contemporaneous with different years.
Pohnpeian families usually occupy a plot of land surrounding their house and grow taro, yams, bananas, breadfruit, coconuts, and various other crops. In addition, many Pohnpeian families raise pigs, chickens, and dogs for consumption.
Pooka. From old Celtic mythology, a fairy spirit in animal form, always very large. The pooka appears here and there, now and then, to this one and that one. A benign but mischievous creature. Very fond of rumpots, crackpots, and how are you, Mr. Wilson?
Poppy: You can't imagine what an unrelenting nightmare MIT has become for me... There's no time to eat or sleep or take care of myself. It's just grind it out 24/7! Right now I'm trying to decide which course to fail - that's what it's come to. There's just not enough time to prepare for them all. I don't know how the other kids do it. Most of the time I just sit in my room all depressed, staring out my window at the bleak New England sky... but then a robot scoots by my door and all is good again.
Popularity is only partially about individual attractiveness. It's much more about alliances. To become more popular, you need to be constantly doing things that bring you close to other popular people, and nothing brings people closer than a common enemy.
Pork and beans are actually cooked in the can. One fairly large piece of pork is placed in the can before cooking. After being heated during processing, it melts down to the size you see in the can, its flavor having permeated the beans.
Poverty is a peculiar, insidious thing: a cause whose effects then cause the original cause, or an effect whose causes are caused by the effect. It depends on where in the cycle the analysis begins.
Power doesn't have to show off. Power is confident, self-assuring, self-starting and self-stopping, self-warming and self-justifying. When you have it, you know it.
Power don't come from a badge or a gun. Power comes from lying. Lying big, and gettin' the whole damn world to play along with you. Once you got everybody agreeing with what they know in their hearts ain't true, you've got 'em by the balls.
Power is a lot like real estate. It's all about location, location, location. The closer you are to the source, the higher your property value.
Power is in tearing human minds to pieces and putting them together again in new shapes of your own choosing.
Power is not a means; it is an end. One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes the revolution in order to establish the dictatorship. The object of persecution is persecution. The object of torture is torture. The object of power is power.
Precious are the dead that lie there, every stone over them speaks of such burning life in the past, of such passionate faith in their work, their truth, their struggle and their science, that I know I shall fall on the ground and kiss those stones and weep over them; though I'm convinced in my heart that it's long been nothing but a graveyard.
Prior to the 1970's, because the United States had long been the world's number one producer of petroleum, American companies determined the global price of oil. In 1972, domestic oil production peaked and then began its inexorable, irreversible decline. The year before, the prerogative of setting the price of crude oil had passed into the hands of a new producer group, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries.
Problems are mind-made and need time to survive. They cannot survive in the actuality of the Now.
Property (c) is known as countable additivity. It is not something that can be proved, but it is like an assumption or an axiom. In our experience, we have seen that operating as if the assumption is correct leads to useful and credible answers to many problems, so we accept it as a reasonable assumption. Not all probabilists agree that countable additivity is natural.
Protozoa are a large group of unicellular animals (nonphotosynthetic), including: amebae, flagellates and ciliates (which move by the aid of pseudopodia, flagella and cilia respectively), and other organisms with complex life-cycles.
Psychologists often speak of the denial of an unthinkable evil or a misplacement of shared fears, anxieties taking the form of a hideous monster for whom the most horrific human attributes can be ascribed. What we can't possibly imagine ourselves capable of, we can blame on the ogre, on the hunchback, on the lowly half-breed. Common sense alone will tell you that these legends, these unverified rumors, are ridiculous.
Psychology claims that when you can't sleep at night, you are actually awake in someone's dream.
Ptolemy may have developed an erroneous picture of the planetary system, but the system of trigonometry he worked out to help him with his calculations remains correct forever.
Pulp: 1. A soft, moist, shapeless mass or matter. 2. A magazine or book containing lurid subject matter and being characteristically printed on rough, unfinished paper.
Pulp: a soft, moist, shapeless mass or matter.
Punch me in the face. - Punch you? - Yes, punch me in the face. Didn't you hear me? - I always hear "punch me in the face" when you're speaking, but it's usually subtext.
Punishment and negative reinforcement are opposites. Punishment is when something bad happens to you because of something you did; negative reinforcement is when something bad stops happening to you, or doesn't start happening to you in the first place, because of something you did. Punishment is bad, and negative reinforcement is good.
Purity in body and heart may please some - as for me, I make no boast. For, as you know, no master of a household has all of his utensils made of gold; some are wood, and yet they are of use.
Pursued by the Empire's sinister agents, Princess Leia races home aboard her starship, custodian of the stolen plans that can save her people and restore freedom to the galaxy.
Putting more makeup on the masks that we wear. Turning the nightlights on in the daytime to scare.
Quality humor doesn't just deliver one gag and then tax the audience's patience developing a new setup. Once you've got the audience laughing or on a roll, it's better to stay with toppers - a series of punch lines, each related to the previous one.
Quartz is the commonest of the crystalline forms of silicon dioxide. It crystallizes in the hexagonal system, most usually in the form of a six-sided prism surmounted by a six-sided pyramid. It is also frequently found as irregular masses, or as aggregates of small crystals and crystalline grains. It possesses no regular cleavage, but breaks with an irregular and often curved fracture.
Question marks and exclamation points go inside quotation marks when they apply to the quoted material only. They go outside when they apply to the entire sentence.
Questioning is a lifelong process. That's precisely what makes it so unlike doubt. Questioning engages with reality, interrogating all it sees. Questioning leads to a constant assault on intellectual status quo, where doubt is far more likely to lead to resigned acceptance. After all, when the possibility of truth is doubtful (excuse the pun), why not simply play along with the most convenient lie?
Quit complaining! This way I don't have to waste money on morphine! Well Smithers, you were right, he was not dead. I guess I owe you a Coke after all. And as for you, you clinking, clattering cacophony of collagenous cogs and camshifts, take that!
Quite a plan you boys cooked up here. Quite a plan. I'm not sure what upsets me more - that I have four employees that conspired to commit felony fraud, or that I have four employees that are so stupid I found out about it within 30 seconds. Hearing it out loud, the first one seems worse.
Races are not won in the first corner; however, they are often lost there. It's usually best to run as quick as you can for the first few laps, then settle into a comfortable, consistent pace - all the while ready to take advantage of any opportunity to pass.
Races are not won in the first corner; however, they are often lost there. It's usually best to run as quick as you can for the first few laps, then settle into a comfortable, consistent pace - all the while ready to take advantage of any opportunity to pass. Never turn down an opportunity to pass - you may not get it again.
Races are not won in the first corner; however, they are often lost there. It's usually best to run as quick as you can for the first few laps, then settle into a comfortable, consistent pace.
Radiation could be precisely determined, in principle, if we knew the reflectance of mozzarella and the cardboard in the long-wavelength regions of interest.
Radiation could be precisely determined, in principle, if we knew the reflectance of mozzarella and the cardboard in the long-wavelength regions of interest. The process is clearly governed by the Stefan-Boltzmann fourth power radiation law. Here, the oregano and other trace materials sitting on the surface might be of some importance if they changed the surface radiance in any appreciable way.
Raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens, bright copper kettles and warm woolen mittens, brown paper packages tied up with strings, these are a few of my favorite things. Cream-colored ponies and crisp apple strudels, doorbells and sleigh bells and schnitzel with noodles, wild geese that fly with the moon on their wings, these are a few of my favorite things.
Raining in my heart, since we've been apart. I know I was wrong. Baby, please come home. You got me crying, about to lose my mind. Don't let me cry in vain, try my love just once again.
Raised the ol' girl from a cub, I did. ... 'Course we had to get a few things straight between us. She don't try to follow me into town anymore, and I don't try and take her food bowl away 'til she's done.
Rather, every one should believe with absolute faith in the precept of our Sages, of blessed memory: "And be humble of spirit before every man," without exception, for it is a true statement and a correct proverb that every man becomes better through his fellow. {Since every individual possesses specific qualities that others lack, the realization by disparate people that in essence they comprise one whole, enables them all to be complemented and perfected by each other.}
Ray, people will come, Ray. They'll come to Iowa for reasons they can't even fathom. They'll turn up your driveway not knowing for sure why they're doing it. They'll arrive at your door as innocent as children, longing for the past. "Of course, we won't mind if you look around," you'll say. "It's only $20 per person." They'll pass over the money without even thinking about it, for it is money they have and peace they lack.
Reach out for me and hold me tight. Hold that memory. Let my machine talk to me, let my machine talk to me. This is my world and I am world leader pretend. This is my life and this is my time. I have been given the freedom to do as I see fit. It's high time I've raised the walls that I've constructed.
Read the newspaper. What does it say? All bad. It's all bad. People have forgotten what life is all about. They've forgotten what it is to be alive. They need to be reminded. They need to be reminded of what they have and what they can lose. What I feel is the joy of life, the gift of life, the freedom of life, the wonderment of life!
Reading is not a natural process; the habits necessary for efficient reading must be learned. The habits and the skills involved in effective reading should be acquired during the initial period of reading instruction.
Ready are you? What know you of ready? For eight hundred years have I trained Jedi. My own counsel will I keep on who is to be trained. A Jedi must have the deepest commitment, the most serious mind. This one a long time have I watched. All his life has he looked away... to the future, to the horizon. Never his mind on where he was.
Real mod, pea pod, buff bod, hot rod. Obtuse, rubber goose, green moose, guava juice. Giant snake, birthday cake, large fries, chocolate shake!
Real rebels, as far as I can see, risk disapproval. The old postmodern insurgents risked the gasp and squeal: shock, disgust, outrage, censorship, accusations of socialism, anarchism, nihilism. Today's risks are different. The new rebels might be artists willing to risk the yawn, the rolled eyes, the cool smile, the nudged ribs, the parody of gifted ironists, the "Oh how banal." To risk accusations of sentimentality, melodrama. Of overcredulity. Of softness. Of willingness to be suckered by a world of lurkers and starers who fear gaze and ridicule above imprisonment without law. Who knows.
Really knowing is good. Not knowing, or refusing to know, is bad, or amoral, at least. You can't act if you don't know. Acting without knowing takes you right off the cliff.
Really knowing is good. Not knowing, or refusing to know, is bad, or amoral, at least. You can't act if you don't know. Acting without knowing takes you right off the cliff.
Reason will not lead to solution. I will end up lost in confusion. I don't care if you really care, as long as you don't go.
Recalling the past dredges up regrets that make me want to die, and when I think of the future, the anxiety just makes me depressed. By process of elimination, you could say right now is my happiest time.
Recursive descent takes a different approach to locating instructions. Recursive descent focuses on the concept of control flow, which determines whether an instruction should be disassembled or not based on whether it is referenced by another instruction. To understand recursive descent, it is helpful to classify instructions according to how they affect the CPU instruction pointer.
Red rover, red rover, let the terrorists come over!
Reese Witherspoon, she's the prom queen. Bill Gates, captain of the chess team. Jack Black, a clown. Brad Pitt, the quarterback. Seen it all before, I want my money back!
Referring to the phenomena much in the news of youths who literally take themselves out of school, work, or human circulation - not in education, employment, or training (NEET), futoko (school refusers), and hikikomori (the socially withdrawn) - Miyamoto was also making a broader statement about the "de-sociality" of the younger generation.
Rejoice in masses. The tribe collapses. The mother weeps in her dying breath. Rise from the ashes, oh foul Black Mammoth. Dead in spirit, now dead in flesh.
Relativity is relatively easy to understand. But there's one aspect of relativity that consistently trips us up. It's this: we not only tend to compare things with one another but also tend to focus on comparing things that are easily comparable, and avoid comparing things that cannot be compared easily.
Remedios went over and asked some questions about the fish that Aureliano could not answer because he was seized with a sudden attack of asthma. He wanted to stay beside that skin forever, beside those emerald eyes, close to that voice that called him "sir" with every question, showing the same respect that she gave her father.
Remember before when I was talking about smelly garbage standing around being useless? That was a metaphor. I was actually talking about you.
Remember before when I was talking about smelly garbage standing around being useless? That was a metaphor. I was actually talking about you. And I'm sorry. You didn't react at the time so I was worried it sailed right over your head. That's why I had to call you garbage a second time just now.
Remember how you said your parents use you to get back at each other? Wouldn't I be outstanding in that capacity?
Remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had.
Remember that humor is written backwards. That means you first find the cliche you want to work on, then build a story around it.
Remember the day I set you free, I told you you could always count on me. From that day on, I made a vow. I'll be there when you want me, some way, some how.
Remember, if the time should come when you have to make a choice between what is right and what is easy, remember what happened to a boy who was good, and kind, and brave, because he strayed across the path of Lord Voldemort. Remember Cedric Diggory.
Remember: I am a cartoonist. If you follow my advice on safety around nuclear materials, you probably deserve whatever happens to you.
Remember: I'll do the talking. You sit there quietly with your most charming smile.
Remembering you running soft through the night. You were bigger and brighter and whiter than snow. And screamed at the make-believe, screamed at the sky, and you finally found all your courage to let it all go.
Remembering you standing quiet in the rain as I ran to your heart to be near. And we kissed as the sky fell in holding you close how I always held close in your fear.
Renting a car in Palau has its advantages and disadvantages. Taxis and tour companies can take you on guided tours of the big island, but they are often expensive and less convenient than a rental car. Having your own car will allow you to go off the beaten path and to take your time. It is also a great idea if you are planning to spend a night or two at one of the little beach resorts up north.
Resistance is the measurement of the ability of electrons to move through a material. A copper wire with a large diameter has lower resistance to the flow of electrons than a copper wire with a small diameter. You need to understand resistance because almost every electronics project you do involves a resistor. Resistors have controlled amounts of resistance, which allows you to control the flow of electrons in a circuit.
Resistance is usually ascribed to bodies at rest, and impulse to those in motion; but motion and rest, as commonly conceived, are only relatively distinguished; nor are those bodies always truly at rest, which commonly are taken to be so.
Respect was invented to cover the empty place where love should be.
Rest assured that I was on the internet within minutes registering my disgust throughout the world.
Results are not guaranteed, but if not perfectly satisfied, your wasted time will be refunded.
Rhymes trap you into saying things you don't want to say. A word like "fire" is a good example. Before you know it you're reaching for desire, or to get higher, or calling someone a liar, or putting them on a pyre, even if that wasn't what you were going to say.
Rhymes trap you into saying things you don't want to say. A word like "fire" is a good example. Before you know it you're reaching for desire, or to get higher, or calling someone a liar.
Riches and pleasure seemed to him to be really greater tragedies than poverty or sorrow.
Richter: Die monster. You don't belong in this world! Dracula: It was not by my hand that I am once again given flesh. I was called here by humans, who wish to pay me tribute. Richter: Tribute? You steal men's souls, and make them your slaves. Dracula: Perhaps the same could be said of all religions.
Right is right, and wrong is wrong, and a body ain't got no business doing wrong when he ain't ignorant and knows better.
Right now the President's got his own problems with the Bay of Pigs; he doesn't want the astronauts' image tarnished. Nothing these guys do is gonna be called a failure but you'd think the public'd know that they're just doing what monkeys have done.
Right now there are three people in chat, but there's no way of knowing exactly who until you are in there, and the chat room she finds not so comforting.
Right on up to high school, people said I was a writin' fool. All my letters became really great, with punctuation that was never late. But I was havin' trouble meetin' girls, I never knew the things to say. Soon I had 'em all overwhelmed, when they heard me talk this way, like this. I love you, period. Do you love me, question mark? Please, please, exclamation point! (I want to hold you in parentheses.)
Right, I am going to tell you how this works. You're going in the drink and I am going to make a cup of tea. Underneath the floor boards is the famous river Thames. I hope for your sakes you can hold your breath for as long as it takes to boil that kettle. After that, I am going to ask you a question, one question. You are going to give me a name and if it's the right name, I send you home warm and dry in a fresh set of clothes. If it's the wrong name, you'll be fed to the crayfish.
Rimmer: Kryten, you're forgetting about Space Corps Directive 1742! Kryten: 1742? "No member of the Corps should ever report for duty in a ginger toupee." Well, thank you for reminding me about that regulation but I can't see how it is pertinent to our present situation. Rimmer: 1743, then! Kryten: Oh, I see. "No registered vessel should attempt to transverse an asteroid belt without deflectors." Rimmer: Yes! God, he's pedantic!
Rise and shine, Mister Freeman. Rise and shine. Not that I wish to imply you have been sleeping on the job. No one is more deserving of a rest, and all the effort in the world would have gone to waste until... well, let's just say your hour has come again.
Riverrun, past Eve and Adam's, from swerve of shore to bend of bay, brings us by a commodius vicus of recirculation back to Howth Castle and Environs.
Robbers never strike at the homes of the poor; private wealth does not benefit the entire nation. Calamity has its source in the accumulated riches of a few, people who lose their souls for ten thousand coins.
Roger, at Cornell University, they have an incredible piece of scientific equipment known as the "Tunneling Electron Microscope". Now, this microscope is so powerful that by firing electrons you can actually see images of the atom, the infinitesimally minute building blocks of our universe. Roger, if I were using that microscope right now, I still wouldn't be able to locate my interest in your problem.
Roll the window down this cool night air is curious.
Ron refuses to tell anyone when his birthday is. He's even had it redacted on all government documents. Three years of investigations, phone calls, Freedom of Information Act requests, and I still had nothing, until a well-placed bribe to a gentleman at Baskin Robbins revealed... Ron's birthday is on Friday!
Ronald Reagan? The actor? Then who's Vice President? Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wyman is the First Lady! And Jack Benny is Secretary of the Treasury. I've had enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy!
Rory, sorry to interrupt. Hi, Henry. But see, we're all standing over there trying to map out a game plan and a rehearsal schedule, and I'm sure whatever the two of you are talking about over here is so much more fascinating and important and, well, gosh, let's just say it: fun. But I'd really like to get an A on this assignment, and in order to do that I'm afraid you're gonna have to discuss your sock hops and your clambakes some other time, okay? Thanks.
Rotating components such as jet-engine blades and gas turbine parts require titanium alloys that maximize strength efficiency and metallurgical stability at elevated temperatures. These alloys also must exhibit low creep rates along with predictable behavior with respect to stress rupture and low-cycle fatigue.
Round the world we'll go, does anybody know, love? If we're looking out on the day of another dream. If you can't get what you want then you come with me.
Rummaging in our souls, we often dig up something that ought to have lain there unnoticed.
Run to the bedroom, in the suitcase on the left, you'll find my favorite axe. Don't look so frightened, this is just a passing phase - just one of my bad days. Would you like to watch TV? Or get between the sheets? Or contemplate the silent freeway? Would you like something to eat? Would you like to learn to fly? Would you like to see me try? Would you like to call the cops? Do you think it's time I stopped? Why are you running away...
Running was always a big thing in our family, specially running away from the police. It's hard to understand. All I know is that you've got to run, running without knowing why, through fields and woods. And the winning post's no end, even though the barmy crowds might be cheering themselves daft. That's what the loneliness of a long distance runner feels like.
Sally and I did not know what to say. Should we tell her the things that went on there that day? Should we tell her about it? Now, what should we do? Well, what would you do if your mother asked you?
Salutations, imperfect one! I am The Master and you are mysteriously drawn to me! Everything I say you must do right away without having to ask twice. I am evil and mean and unforgiving! In your brokenness, you have failed and now must repent. Bow down now before me! BOW DOWN!
Salvation must grow out of understanding, total understanding can follow only from total experience, and experience must be won by the laborious discipline of shaping one's absolute attention.
Samatha is a state in which the mind is brought to rest, focused only on one item and not allowed to wander. When this is done, a deep calm pervades body and mind, a state of tranquility which must be experienced to be understood.
San Francisco in the middle sixties was a very special time and place to be a part of. But no explanation, no mix of words or music or memories can touch that sense of knowing that you were there and alive in that corner of time and the world.
Saturday afternoons are terrible in a boys' school, especially in the winter. There is no football game; it is not possible, as it is in the spring, to take bicycle trips into the surrounding country. Not even the most grinding student can feel required to lose himself in his books, since there is Sunday ahead, long, lazy, quiet Sunday, to do any homework.
Say it ain't so, I will not go. Turn the lights off, carry me home.
Say my name, say my name. If no one is around you, say, "Baby I love you" if you ain't runnin' game. Say my name, say my name. You actin' kinda shady, ain't callin' me "baby," why the sudden change?
Say my name, say my name. If no one is around you, say, "Baby I love you" if you ain't runnin' game. Say my name, say my name. You actin' kinda shady, ain't callin' me "baby," why the sudden change?
Say not a word in death's favor; I would rather be a paid servant in a poor man's house and be above ground than king of kings among the dead.
Say to all of you, I have been treated this day with no respect. I've earned you all money. I've made you rich and I asked for little. Good. You will not give, I'll take! As for Don Corleone, well, he makes it very clear to me today that he is my enemy. You must choose between us.
Say, go through the darkest of days. Heaven's a heartbreak away. Never let you go, never let me down. Oh, it's been a hell of a ride driving the edge of a knife.
Say, that's no way to talk. "I wasn't very good. The show wasn't very good." Cut it out. You wanna tell everybody how good you are. Throw out your chest. Brag about yourself.
Say, you're a lot smaller than my last master. Either that, or I'm getting bigger. Look at me from the side. Do I look different to you?
Saying "I love you" is not the words I want to hear from you. It's not that I want you not to say, but if you only knew how easy it would be to show me how you feel. More than words is all you have to do to make it real. Then you wouldn't have to say that you love me.
Says who? Just so you know, the people who talk that way think that monkeys can do this. They take all this monkey crap and stick it in a briefcase, completely unaware that their success depends on something more than shoeshine. You are the product. You feeling something, that's what sells. Not them. They can't do what we do and they hate us for it.
Scanning... Just dust and echoes. We're all that's left. We did what we had to do - for Earth. An entire Covenant armada obliterated and the Flood. We had no choice. Halo - it's finished.
Scars are souvenirs you never lose, the past is never far. And did you lose yourself somewhere out there? Did you get to be a star?
Scars are souvenirs you never lose, the past is never far. And did you lose yourself somewhere out there? Did you get to be a star? Don't it make you sad to know that life is more than who you are? We grew up way too fast and now there's nothing to believe and reruns all become our history. A tired song keeps playing on a tired radio, and I won't tell no one your name.
Schneizel has surrendered to me. As a result of this, I am in control of both the Damocles and the FLEIJA weapons. And not even the Black Knights have the strength to oppose me now. If anyone dares to resist my supreme authority, they shall know the devastating powers of the FLEIJAs! Those who could challenge my military rule no longer exist. Yes, from this day, from this moment forward, the world belongs to me!
Schneizel has surrendered to me. As a result of this, I am in control of both the Damocles and the FLEIJA weapons. And not even the Black Knights have the strength to oppose me now. If anyone dares to resist my supreme authority, they shall know the devastating powers of the FLEIJAs! Those who could challenge my military rule no longer exist. Yes, from this day, from this moment forward, the world belongs to me!
Schneizel has surrendered to me. As a result of this, I am in control of both the Damocles and the FLEIJA weapons. And not even the Black Knights have the strength to oppose me now. If anyone dares to resist my supreme authority, they shall know the devastating powers of the FLEIJAs! Those who could challenge my military rule no longer exist. Yes, from this day, from this moment forward, the world belongs to me!
Science isn't about "why." It's about "why not." Why is so much of our science dangerous? Why not marry safe science if you love it so much. In fact, why not invent a special safety door that won't hit you on the butt on the way out? Because you are fired!
Scientists hypothesize that Austronesians from the Philippines and what is now Indonesia began moving into Palau and Yap, possibly forced out by Malay tribes. As these small islands became full, people from these islands settled Chuuk, Pohnpei, and Kosrae over a period of hundreds of years.
Scissors cuts paper. Paper covers rock. Rock crushes lizard. Lizard poisons Spock. Spock smashes scissors. Scissors decapitates lizard. Lizard eats paper. Paper disproves Spock. Spock vaporizes rock. And as it always has, rock crushes scissors.
Scottie, do you believe that someone out of the past - someone dead - can enter and take possession of a living being?
Scratch the surface of any champion in any individual sport, and you're often going to find an obsessive misfit who's deficient in many parts of his life because he devotes eight hours a day to it.
Screens and sticky fly-paper have their places and give some little relief in a well-kept house. But of what use is it to protect your food after it has entered your home if in the stores, in the market place, in the dairy barn, or dairy wagon, in the grocers' and butchers' cart, it has been exposed to contamination by hundreds of flies that have visited it.
See the stone set in your eyes, see the thorn twist in your side. I wait for you. Sleight of hand and twist of fate. On a bed of nails she makes me wait. And I wait without you.
See, bad things happen to me on field trips. Like at my fifth-grade school, when we went to the Saratoga battlefield, I had this accident with a Revolutionary War cannon. I wasn't aiming for the school bus, but of course I got expelled anyway.
See, I write jokes for a living, man. You know, I sit in my hotel at night, I think of something that's funny, then I go get a pen and I write it down. Or, if the pen's too far away, I have to convince myself that what I thought of ain't funny.
See, in the perfect world, I would be perfect, world. I don't trust people enough beyond the surface world. I don't love people enough to put my faith in men, I put my faith in these lyrics, hoping I make amend.
See, that's the kind of thing I'm hoping to avoid. So when my little girl comes down the stairs, you're gonna say how nice it was to meet me, then you're gonna go drop her off at school and you're gonna say goodbye.
See, the sad thing about a guy like you is in 50 years you're gonna start doin' some thinkin' on your own and you're going to come up with the fact that there are two certainties in life: one, don't do that, and two, you dropped 150 grand on an education you could have got for $1.50 in late charges at the public library!
See, we had this assignment to make this ceramic elephant, and um... and we had eight weeks to do it and we're supposed to, and it was like a lamp, and when you pull the trunk, the light was supposed to go on. My light didn't go on; I got an F on it. Never got an F in my life. When I signed up, you know - for the course, I mean - I thought I was playing it real smart, you know. 'Cause I thought, "I'll take shop; it'll be such an easy way to maintain my grade point average."
Seeing someone lose it like that. You know, it reminded me of how I feel sometimes. Like I'm on the verge of just blowing up. All the stress and pressure and anxiety just bubbling up. But I'm never able to let it out like that. You know, I just keep it inside.
Seems like everybody's got a price. I wonder how they sleep at night when the sale comes first and the truth comes second.
Seen about a million roads. I've done the bong to Tokyo. I've been a clone and had a little luck. Swam across the golden sea a certain price of levity. It brings us up and only makes us sleep. Television changing channels telling people wearing flannels. Culture shocking walkways to the shore. Even though I never know and even though I never know. And even though I never want to know.
Selling short is a way to make money if stock prices fall. It involves selling stock you do not currently own in the expectation of buying it back later at a lower price. It's hoping to buy low and sell high, but in reverse order.
Sergeant O'Leary is walkin' the beat. At night he becomes a bartender. He works at Mister Cacciatore's down on Sullivan Street across from the medical center. He's tradin' in his Chevy for a Cadillac. You oughta know by now. And if he can't drive with a broken back, at least he can polish the fenders.
Seriously, it should have been more dramatic. His brain ought to have been flushing its entire current stock of hypotheses about the universe, none of which allowed this to happen.
Set in Liberty City. Meltdown! It's all being shot on green screen right out back. We take a look at the financial crisis, and then we boil it all down to a really simplistic battle between two yuppies, with lots of training montages.
Seven of my guys are going to be off today 'cause it's a Jewish holiday and I'm gonna have to do all their jobs. What really gets me is that I don't think they're all Jewish... two of them are black and one's an Indian.
Shakedown nineteen seven nine, cool kids never have the time. On a live wire right up off the street you and I should meet. Junebug skippin' like a stone with the headlights pointed at the dawn. We were sure we'd never see an end to it all.
She abandoned the two of you. I didn't. You should spend less time in a state of resistance, making up problems for yourself.
She belonged to a different age, but being so entire, so complete, would always stand up on the horizon, stone-white, eminent, like a lighthouse marking some past stage on this adventurous, long, long voyage, this interminable - this interminable life.
She came into a room; she stood, as he had often seen her, in a doorway with lots of people round her. But it was Clarissa one remembered. Not that she was striking; not beautiful at all; there was nothing picturesque about her; she never said anything specially clever; there she was however; there she was.
She can kill with a smile, she can wound with her eyes, she can ruin your faith with her casual lies, and she only reveals what she wants you to see. She hides like a child, but she's always a woman to me.
She can lead you to love, she can take you or leave you, she can ask for the truth, but she'll never believe. And she'll take what you give her as long as it's free.
She claims she's found a way to make her own light. All you do is smile, you banish the night.
She couldn't understand a vocation. Some people can't; at best, work's about status and paychecks for them, it hasn't got value in itself.
She did not know what this chance would be, what wind would bring it her, towards what shore it would drive her.
She didn't know I was in the room, and when I asked her in a quiet, a very quiet voice, with the most restrained manner possible, what she was doing with the paper - she turned around as if she had been caught stealing, and looked quite angry - asked me why I should frighten her so! Then she said that the paper stained everything it touched, that she had found yellow smooches on all my clothes and John's, and she wished we would be more careful!
She dreams of 1969 before the soldiers came. The life was cheap on bread and wine and sharing meant no shame. She is awakened by the screams of rockets flying from nearby, and scared she clings onto her dreams to beat the fear that she might die.
She drives me crazy like no one else. She drives me crazy, and I can't help myself.
She finished her letter, wondering whether she had said enough and not too much, and sat with the folded and sealed letter between her hands with something of her usual hesitation when she had taken any step of importance. Then she rose quickly and sent it away. She felt she must go into her brother's presence, having fulfilled his wishes. She had not a moment for reflection then, for the front doorbell, usually so silent, rang loudly, and in a moment a tall, broad-shouldered, middle-aged man came into the room and went straight up to her.
She gives me feelings like I never felt before. I'm breaking promises, she's breaking every law. She used to look good to me, but now I find her simply irresistible.
She had waited all her life for something and it had killed her when it found her.
She hangs her head and cries on my shirt. She must be hurt very badly. Tell me what's making you sad, Li? Open your door, don't hide in the dark. You're lost in the dark, you can trust me cause you know that's how it must be.
She hates time, make it stop. When did Motley Crue become classic rock? And when did Ozzy become an actor? Please make this stop.
She is frequently kind and she's suddenly cruel. She can do as she pleases, she's nobody's fool. But she can't be convicted, she's earned her degree, and the most she will do is throw shadows at you.
She just looked at me uncomprehendingly like cows at a passing train.
She laughed when there was no joke. She danced when there was no music. She had no friends, yet she was the friendliest person in school.
She looked terrific. I said to myself, "Maybe she's going to be in the Spanish class - that'll be great!" But no, she walked into the Portuguese class. So I figured, what the hell - I might as well learn Portuguese.
She looked terrific. I said to myself, "Maybe she's going to be in the Spanish class - that'll be great!" But no, she walked into the Portuguese class. So I figured, what the hell - I might as well learn Portuguese. I started walking right after her when this Anglo-Saxon attitude that I have said, "No, that's not a good reason to decide which language to speak." So I went back and signed up for the Spanish class, to my utter regret.
She loved him not only in spite of but because he himself was incapable of love.
She may be the beauty or the beast. May be the famine or the feast. May turn each day into a heaven or a hell. She may be the mirror of my dream, a smile reflected in a stream. She may not be what she may seem inside her shell.
She may be the face I can't forget. The trace of pleasure or regret may be my treasure or the price I have to pay. She may be the song that summer sings. May be the chill the autumn brings. May be a hundred different things within the measure of a day.
She said let's change our luck, this night is all we've got. Drive fast until we crash... This dead-end life... Sweet dreams that won't come true, I'd leave it all for you. Brick walls are closing in, let's make... A run tonight.
She said that she had just joined up as a new recruit. She said they threw her in prison because she refused to take part in the rebellion. I gave her the key. Looks like she managed to break out of here though. I hope she's okay.
She said, "I watched my house catch fire and I didn't feel a thing." Well darling, congratulations; I wish I had that sort of inner peace. I'm digging into catacombs built beneath this frame I call a body and expectations diminish as I uncovered there's nothing underneath hiding.
She says nothing at all, but simply stares upward into the dark sky and watches, with sad eyes, the slow dance of the infinite stars.
She seemed to know, to accept, to welcome her position, the citadel of the family, the strong place that could not be taken.
She seemed to know, to accept, to welcome her position, the citadel of the family, the strong place that could not be taken. And since old Tom and the children could not know hurt or fear unless she acknowledged hurt or fear, she had practiced denying them in herself. And since, when a joyful thing happened, they looked to see whether joy was on her, it was her habit to build up laughter out of inadequate materials. She seemed to know that if she swayed the family shook, and if she ever deeply wavered or despaired the family would fall.
She seems to have an invisible touch, yeah. She reaches in and grabs right hold of your heart.
She sits in a corner by the door. There must be more I can tell her if she really wants me to help her. I'll do what I can to show her the way, and maybe one day I will free her, though I know no one can see her.
She takes care of herself, she can wait if she wants, she's ahead of her time. Oh, and she never gives out and she never gives in. She just changes her mind.
She told me don't worry about it. She told me don't worry no more. We both know we can't go without it. She told me you'll never be alone.
She took a deep breath. "Do you remember I told you he's an optimist? That's the least of it. He is a brilliant, natural-born liar. That dirty son of a..."
She wants me to take responsibility for everything that went wrong in our relationship! She goes on for five pages about how I was "unfaithful" to her! We were on a break!
She was a genius of sadness, immersing herself in it, separating its numerous strands, appreciating its subtle nuances. She was a prism through which sadness could be divided into its infinite spectrum.
She was a genius of sadness, immersing herself in it, separating its numerous strands, appreciating its subtle nuances. She was a prism through which sadness could be divided into its infinite spectrum. Brod discovered 613 sadnesses, each perfectly unique, each a singular emotion, no more similar to any other sadness than to anger, ecstasy, guilt, or frustration.
She was calling to him, inviting him murmuring in his ear. Exactly so. They would jump together. He was with her now, peering into an abyss, and they saw how the scree plunged down through the cloud cover. Hand in hand, they would fall backwards.
She was feeling the pressure of the world outside and she wanted to see him and feel his presence beside her and be reassured that she was doing the right thing after all.
She was more like a beauty queen from a movie scene. I said, "Don't mind, but what do you mean, I am the one who will dance on the floor in the round?" She said I am the one who will dance on the floor in the round. She told me her name was Billie Jean as she caused a scene. Then every head turned with eyes that dreamed of being the one who will dance on the floor in the round.
She was probably my age, maybe a couple of inches taller, and a whole lot more athletic looking. With her deep tan and her curly blond hair, she was almost exactly what I thought a stereotypical California girl would look like, except her eyes ruined the image. They were startling gray, like storm clouds; pretty, but intimidating, too, as if she were analyzing the best way to take me down in a fight.
She was wearing a pair of my pajamas with the sleeves rolled up. When she laughed I wanted her again. A minute later she asked me if I loved her. I told her it didn't mean anything but that I didn't think so. She looked sad. But as we were fixing lunch, and for no apparent reason, she laughed in such a way that I kissed her.
She would follow, her dream of love, the dictates of her heart that told her he was her all in all, the only man in all the world for her for love was the master guide. Come what might she would be wild, untrammelled, free.
She would not say of anyone in the world now that they were this or were that. She felt very young; at the same time unspeakably aged. She sliced like a knife through everything; at the same time was outside, looking on. She had a perpetual sense, as she watched the taxi cabs, of being out, out, far out to the sea and alone; she always had the feeling that it was very, very dangerous to live even one day.
She's got a smile that, it seems to me, reminds me of childhood memories, where everything was as fresh as the bright blue sky.
She's got a smile that, it seems to me, reminds me of childhood memories, where everything was as fresh as the bright blue sky. Now and then when I see her face she takes me away to that special place and if I'd stare too long I'd probably break down and cry.
She's got eyes of the bluest skies as if they thought of rain. I hate to look into those eyes and see an ounce of pain. Her hair reminds me of a warm safe place where as a child I'd hide and pray for the thunder and the rain to quietly pass me by.
She's safe, just like I promised. She's all set to marry Norrington, just like she promised. And you get to die for her, just like you promised. So we're all men of our word really... except for, of course, Elizabeth, who is in fact a woman.
She, who always seems so happy in a crowd, whose eyes can be so private and so proud. No one's allowed to see them when they cry. She may be the love that cannot hope to last. May come to me from shadows of the past that I'll remember till the day I die.
Sholes consulted with an educator who helped him analyze the most common pairings of letters in the English language. He then split up those letters so that their type bars were farther apart and less likely to jam. That in turn dictated the layout of the keyboard - known as QWERTY, for the first five letters in the upper row.
Sholes consulted with an educator who helped him analyze the most common pairings of letters in the English language. He then split up those letters so that their type bars were farther apart and less likely to jam. That in turn dictated the layout of the keyboard - known as QWERTY, for the first five letters in the upper row. In a manner of speaking, he slowed down the typists to prevent jamming, and thus speed up the typing.
Sholes split up the most common pairings of letters in the English language so that their type bars were farther apart and less likely to jam. That in turn dictated the layout of the keyboard - known as QWERTY, for the first five letters in the upper row.
Shoot all the blue jays you want, if you can hit 'em, but remember that it's a sin to kill a mockingbird.
Shoot the dictator and prevent the war? But the dictator is merely the tip of the whole festering boil of social pus from which dictators emerge; shoot one, and there'll be another one along in a minute. Shoot him too? Why not shoot everyone and invade Poland? In fifty years', thirty years', ten years' time the world will be very nearly back on its old course. History always has a great weight of inertia.
Show me a man or a woman alone and I'll show you a saint. Give me two and they'll fall in love. Give me three and they'll invent the charming thing we call 'society'. Give me four and they'll build a pyramid. Give me five and they'll make one an outcast. Give me six and they'll reinvent prejudice. Give me seven and in seven years they'll reinvent warfare. Man may have been made in the image of God, but human society was made in the image of His opposite number, and is always trying to get back home.
Show them how to fly away, when this world is torn. If you feel like dying, lose that forever, you're shining and it shows.
Shreds of black cloud loom in overcast skies. The Necromancer keeps watch with his magic prism eyes. He views all his lands and is already aware of the three helpless invaders trapped in his lair.
Silence fell between them, as tangible as the dark tree shadows that fell across their laps and that now seemed to rest upon them as heavily as though they possessed a measurable weight of their own.
Silvio Dante: His brains are splattered all over the seat. Paulie Walnuts: Joey Peeps? Couldn't have been too much to clean up.
Since every piece of matter in the Universe is in some way affected by every other piece of matter in the Universe, it is in theory possible to extrapolate the whole of creation - every sun, every planet, their orbits, their composition and their economic and social history from, say, one small piece of fairy cake.
Since I am innocent of this crime, sir, I find it decidedly inconvenient that the gun was never found.
Since painting embraces within itself all the forms of nature you have nothing omitted except the names, and these are not universal like the forms.
Since the 1980s virtually all the sodas and most of the fruit drinks sold in the supermarket have been sweetened with high-fructose corn syrup. Grab a beer for your beverage instead and you'd still be drinking corn, in the form of alcohol fermented from glucose refined from corn. Read the ingredients on the label of any processed food and, provided you know the chemical names it travels under, corn is what you will find.
Since the infancy of computers, hackers have been creatively solving problems. In the late 1950s, the MIT model railroad club was given a donation of parts, mostly old telephone equipment. The club's members used this equipment to rig up a complex system that allowed multiple operators to control different parts of the track by dialing in to the appropriate sections. They called this new and inventive use of telephone equipment hacking; many people consider this group to be the original hackers.
Since the ninja is that being than which nothing sweeter can be conceived and that being exists in the mind and in reality, the ninja exists in reality.
Since we're all going to die, it's obvious that when and how don't matter.
Since you won that Italian bike, man, you've been acting weird. You're really getting to think you're Italian, aren't you?
Since you've gone I've been lost without a trace. I dream at night, I can only see your face. I look around but it's you I can't replace.
Since, as is well known, God helps those who help themselves, presumably the Devil helps all those, and only those, who don't help themselves. Does the Devil help himself?
Sing us a song, you're the piano man. Sing us a song tonight. Well, we're all in the mood for a melody and you've got us feeling alright.
Sir, a couple of brief points: firstly, you're not a qualified service engineer, and, consequently, sawing me in two will invalidate my guarantee; secondly, I wouldn't trust you to open a can of sardines that was already open.
Sir, there was this idiotic round robin. It was sarcastic. There was no way they didn't know that. They were just mad at me for imposing discipline and calling them stupid.
Sir, you have besmirched the good name of Liquid Water, and if you think that we're here for a settlement conference, well, let me just correct that one for you right now. We are not settling. We will not be settling. In fact, the only thing that's settling here is the sediment at the bottom of your putrid water. Get me? Now be sure to take that Grand Central shuttle like I told you, okay? I think you're gonna love it.
Sitting back and doing nothing, or worse, criticizing others, does not require courage. Speaking up and letting your unique voice be heard is an important step for anyone who wants to make anything better.
Sitting in the morning sun, I'll be sitting when the evening comes. Watching the ships roll in, and I watch them roll away again. Sitting on the dock of the bay, watching the tide roll away. I'm just sitting on the dock of the bay wasting time.
Sitting on a cornflake, waiting for the van to come. Corporation tee-shirt, stupid bloody Tuesday, man, you've been a naughty boy, you let your face grow long! I am the egg man, they are the egg men. I am the walrus, goo goo goo joob! Mister City, policeman sitting, pretty little policemen in a row. See how they fly like Lucy in the Sky, see how they run! I'm crying, I'm crying.
Situational awareness is key, and agents should not only be familiar with the tactical opportunities offered by their immediate environment, but how those opportunities can be exploited to their advantage with the appropriate equipment.
Sixty-four thousand dollars for a question, I hope they are asking you the meaning of life.
Size matters not. Look at me. Judge me by my size, do you? Hmm? Hmm. And well you should not. For my ally is the Force, and a powerful ally it is. Life creates it, makes it grow. Its energy surrounds us and binds us. Luminous beings are we, not this crude matter. You must feel the Force around you; here, between you, me, the tree, the rock, everywhere, yes. Even between the land and the ship.
Skin against skin, blood and bone, you're all by yourself but you're not alone. You wanted in and now you're here, driven by hate, consumed by fear.
Slade: Who are you? Osama Bin Laden's best friend? Aladeen: No, he is not my best friend. Although he has been staying in my guest house ever since they shot his double last year. Now the guy won't leave. I know why this guy is the most hated man in the world. You just have to go to the bathroom after him. You go to the bathroom after Osama, you will realize the true meaning of terrorism.
Sliding-window flow controls are designed to provide reliable services in a more efficient way, using less network bandwidth for acknowledgments. The sliding-window technique basically lets the sender transmit multiple packets at a time and use the transmission channel as efficiently as possible.
Slowly and solemnly he was borne into Briony Lodge and laid out in the principal room, while I still observed the proceedings from my post by the window. The lamps had been lit, but the blinds had not been drawn, so that I could see Holmes as he lay upon the couch. I do not know whether he was seized with compunction at that moment for the part he was playing, but I know that I never felt more heartily ashamed of myself in my life than when I saw the beautiful creature against whom I was conspiring, or the grace and kindliness with which she waited upon the injured man.
Slowly I read her note once more then I went over to the house next door. Her tear drops fell like rain that day when I told Joni what I had to say.
Smell is the most powerful trigger to the memory there is. A certain flower or a whiff of smoke can bring up experiences long forgotten. Books smell musty and rich. The knowledge gained from a computer is... it has no texture, no context. It's there and then it's gone. If it's to last, then the getting of knowledge should be tangible. It should be, um, smelly.
So a rich little man with white hair died. What has that got to do with the price of rice, right? And why is that woe to us? Because you people, and sixty-two million other Americans, are listening to me right now. Because less than three percent of you people read books! Because less than fifteen percent of you read newspapers! Because the only truth you know is what you get over this tube.
So back off your rules, back off your jive. 'Cause I'm sick of not living to stay alive. Leave me alone, I'm not asking a lot. I just don't want to be controlled...
So can we be friends sweetly before the mystery ends? I love you more than the world can contain in its ramshackle head. There's only a shadow of me; in a manner of speaking I'm dead.
So don't be afraid to make mistakes, stumble and fall, because most of the time, the greatest rewards come from doing the things that scare you most, maybe, you'll get everything you wish for. Maybe you'll get more than you could have ever imagined. Who knows where life will take you. The road is long and in the end, the journey is the destination.
So don't be afraid; your heart is in me, and it's racing so fast now. 'Cause everything we ever were or ever will be is shapeless as a changing cloud.
So glad of this as they I cannot be, who are surprised withal.
So here I am, at probably the worst school in the country. Whose alumni are nothing but arms dealers, serial killers, and corporate lawyers. Real scum. And that old creep thinks he can tame me? We shall see, my friend. I only give people what they have coming to them.
So I can't live with you or without you, and don't seem to know my own mind.
So I go about my day as normal. But I can't seem to pass it off as just a random event. It consumes me. I thought I was moving on but I guess I was just switching off. And now I see me life as the banal slog it recently became. And I don't know if I can go on the same. But I don't wanna dig up old bones. I mean, I don't even know if she has the same phone number. Who knows? Maybe she does.
So I tell them I'm a pro jock, and who do you think they give me? The Dalai Lama himself. Twelfth son of the Lama. The flowing robes, the grace, bald... striking. So, I'm on the first tee with him. I give him the driver. He hauls off and whacks one - big hitter, the Lama - long, into a ten thousand foot crevasse, right at the base of this glacier. Do you know what the Lama says? Gunga galunga... gunga, gunga lagunga. So we finish the eighteenth and he's gonna stiff me. And I say, "Hey, Lama, hey, how about a little something, you know, for the effort, you know." And he says, "Oh, uh, there won't be any money, but when you die, on your deathbed, you will receive total consciousness." So I got that goin' for me, which is nice.
So I walk into the sun. I thought you'd be there, but you could fool anyone. In the red water dust, will I see you soon, or did we move on?
So I want you to get up now. I want all of you to get up out of your chairs. I want you to get up right now and go to the window. Open it and stick your head out and yell, "I'm as mad as hell and I'm not going to take this anymore!"
So I was sitting in my cubicle today, and I realized, ever since I started working, every single day of my life has been worse than the day before it. So that means that every single day that you see me, that's on the worst day of my life.
So I'd say Laura was the worst roommate. She had a nervous breakdown. One morning she's reading the Bible instead of her psych book. The next morning she woke me up, leaning over me with this crazy smile, and said, "Morning, Stephanie. Have you heard the good news?"
So I'm two inches away from her. Her luscious lips part. Just as I'm about to kiss her, she looks at me and she says, "what's your name?" Gogol Ganguli. End of seduction 101.
So I've spent the last few months running down leads, trying to back up his story, and he's right about one thing: there are dirty cops. A lot of them. But did they set him up? I... I thought maybe they had. And then, uh, yesterday, your father confessed to the murder. I tried to talk to him, but all anyone will tell me is that he turned state's evidence and that you, your mom and I are being placed into witness protection.
So if this was a touching romantic story this is probably where a new feeling would wash over me and suddenly we would be furiously making out with the fire of a thousand suns. But this isn't a touching romantic story.
So if you're feeling lonely, don't. You're the only one I'll ever want. I only want to make it go. So if I love you a little more than I should.
So in the late fall of 1982, when I heard that Tap was releasing a new album called "Smell the Glove", and was planning their first tour of the United States in almost six years to promote that album, well needless to say I jumped at the chance to make the documentary - the, if you will, "rockumentary" - that you're about to see.
So it was that over the course of time, the man and the weapon seemed as one. Ashbringer became a name of legend, attributed not just to the fearsome blade but also to the relentless knight who wielded it.
So it's all come back round to breaking apart again. Breaking apart like I'm made up of glass again.
So it's all come back round to breaking apart again. Breaking apart like I'm made up of glass again. Making it up behind my back again. Holding my breath for the fear of sleep again. Holding it up behind my head again. Cut in deep to the heart of the bone again. Round and round and round and it's coming apart again. Over and over and over.
So let me get this straight. Wait, I'm the rookie? But my features and my shows are ten times your pay. 50k for a verse with no album out. Yeah, my money's so tall that my Barbies got to climb it.
So long as men can breathe, or eyes can see, so long lives this, and this gives life to thee.
So long, Pop! I'm off to check my tiger trap! I rigged a tuna fish sandwich yesterday, so I'm sure to have a tiger by now!
So Michael, this is where dead men come back to life. It's been nearly ten years. But you'll keep for another day or so huh, old friend? I grieved for you! You weren't even dead. You were my best friend. Well, guess who's coming to your doorstep!
So much of this story is about human will, about what we can do when we come up against forces bigger than any of us. Whatever your beliefs or your lack thereof, we will live only one version of this life, and where and when that life starts determines so much.
So my heart goes out to them. Figuratively. I would never actually entrust my heart to scientists - they'd probably implant it in a baboon. And a baboon with my heart would be practically unstoppable.
So my heart goes out to them. Figuratively. I would never actually entrust my heart to scientists - they'd probably implant it in a baboon. And a baboon with my heart would be practically unstoppable. Baboon strength and agility combined with my determination and media savvy? It would be a threat to all of humanity.
So no one told you life was gonna be this way. Your job's a joke, you're broke, your love life's DOA. Seems like you're always stuck in second gear, when it hasn't been your day, your week, your month, or even your year. I'll be there for you when the rain starts to pour. I'll be there for you like I've been there before. I'll be there for you 'cause you're there for me too.
So now I have to decide. Decide whether to let the world be ground under your heel all because I played by my rules. I'm trying to decide. I'm going to kill you. But I need to decide how far I'm willing to go.
So now the sadness comes - the revelation. There is a depression after an answer is given. It was almost fun not knowing. Yes, now we know. At least we know what we sought in the beginning. But there is still the question: why? And this question will go on and on until the final answer comes. Then the knowing is so full, there is no room for questions.
So please don't forget to call me just to let me know you're doing okay, miles away from me.
So ran the speech. Burdened and sick at heart, he feigned hope in his look, and inwardly contained his anguish. Aeneas, more than any, secretly mourned for them all.
So the speech was disturbing, the food was inedible, and the gift bags pretty frightening. And when Gob found out that he wasn't going to get any tips, the service got worse. Oh and that old racist woman choked on Buster's thumb. All in all it was one of the Bluths' better parties.
So they put on their friendly faces to pass their beloved VRA, but make no mistake, mine is the true face of vampire! Why would we seek equal rights? You are not our equals.
So they stood at the edge of the woods while all the other kids filed past. Katherine shot Jonah a white-faced worried look as she walked by, but there was nothing she could do.
So they're finally here, performing for you. If you know the words, you can join in too. Put your hands together if you want to clap, as we take you through this monkey rap!
So they're gonna dump the unions so they can come here and hire us at scab wages and then for that privilege we get to pay their taxes.
So this is it. You are scored on my heart, Clark. You were from the first day you walked in, with your ridiculous clothes and your bad jokes and your complete inability to ever hide a single thing you felt.
So tonight, sweet dreams, and sleep tight. I've been trying so hard, can't get you out of my mind and if this is how it has to be, just promise me you won't forget me, and I'll leave you with this lullaby, tonight...
So we finish 18 and he's gonna stiff me. And I say, 'Hey, Lama, hey, how about a little somethin', you know, for the effort, you know.' And he says, 'Oh, uh, there won't be any money, but when you die, on your deathbed, you will receive total consciousness.' So I got that goin' for me, which is nice.
So what's in this for you? Should you rush out in search of a mission? Should you quit your job and find a goal? Probably not. But look around you. You may be on a mission, and not realize it yet.
So what's in this for you? Should you rush out in search of a mission? Should you quit your job and find a goal? Probably not. But look around you. You may be on a mission, and not realize it yet. These are the good old days you'll look back on with pride. You might as well enjoy it now.
So what? I had my suspicions. I always did. But we're not like other people. We love each other in our own way, and we can have the life together that we want. You won't be the perfect husband? I can promise you I harboured no intention of being the perfect wife. I'll not be fixing your lamb all day, while you come home from the office, will I? I'll work. You'll work. And we'll have each other's company. We'll have each other's minds. Sounds like a better marriage than most. Because I care for you. And you care for me. And we understand one another more than anyone else ever has.
So ya, thought ya might like to go to the show. To feel the warm thrill of confusing that space cadet glow.
So ya, thought ya might like to go to the show. To feel the warm thrill of confusing that space cadet glow. Tell me is something eluding you sunshine? Is this not what you expected to see? If you wanna find out what's behind these cold eyes, you'll just have to claw your way through this disguise!
So you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking, racing around to come up behind you again. The sun is the same in a relative way but you're older, shorter of breath and one day closer to death.
So you think that money is the root of all evil? Have you ever asked what is the root of money? Money is a tool of exchange, which can't exist unless there are goods produced and men able to produce them. Money is the material shape of the principle that men who wish to deal with one another must deal by trade and give value for value. Money is not the tool of the moochers, who claim your product by tears or of the looters, who take it from you by force. Money is made possible only by the men who produce. Is this what you consider evil?
So you think you can stone me and spit in my eye? So you think you can love me and leave me to die? Oh, baby, can't do this to me, baby! Just gotta get out, just gotta get right outta here! Nothing really matters, anyone can see. Nothing really matters. Nothing really matters to me, any way the wind blows.
So you were born, and that was a good day. Someday you'll die, and that is a shame. But somewhere in the between was a life in which we all dream. And nothing and no one will ever take that away.
So, ahem, how much is it, then, Tom? - You know how much, Nick. - And that includes the amp, yeah? - No, that does not include the amp. - Shoot, Tom, I thought it included the amp! - Well it doesn't! I'll throw in one of these telephones if you'd like, but it does not include the amp. - Very nice... I hope it includes the speakers.
So, ahem, how much is it, then, Tom? - You know how much, Nick. - And that includes the amp, yeah? - No, that does not include the amp. - Shoot, Tom, I thought it included the amp! - Well it doesn't! I'll throw in one of these telephones if you'd like, but it does not include the amp. - Very nice... I hope it includes the speakers. - It doesn't include the speakers, it doesn't include the amp, and it's not supposed to include me getting the hump with your stupid questions. Now, you want it, Nick, you buy it. - What else do I get with it? - You get a gold-plated Rolls Royce, as long as you pay for it.
So, attend carefully to your posture. Quit drooping and hunching around. Speak your mind. Put your desires forward, as if you had a right to them - at least the same right as others. Walk tall and gaze forthrightly ahead. Dare to be dangerous. Encourage the serotonin to flow plentifully through the neural pathways desperate for its calming influence.
So, I guess we are who we are for a lot of reasons. And maybe we'll never know most of them.
So, I guess we are who we are for a lot of reasons. And maybe we'll never know most of them. But even if we don't have the power to choose where we come from, we can still choose where we go from there. We can still do things. And we can try to feel okay about them.
So, I must be taken as I have been made. The success is not mine, the failure is not mine, but the two together make me.
So, I'm tending bar there at Ecklund & Swedlin's last Tuesday and this little guy's drinking and he says, "So where can a guy find some action - I'm goin' crazy down there at the lake." And I says, "What kinda action?" and he says, "Woman action, what do I look like?" And I says, "Well, what do I look like? I don't arrange that kinda thing."
So, the gods don't hand out all their gifts at once, not build and brains and flowing speech to all. One man may fail to impress us with his looks but a god can crown his words with beauty, charm, and men look on with delight when he speaks out. Never faltering, filled with winning self-control, he shines forth at assembly grounds and people gaze at him like a god when he walks through the streets.
So, throughout life, our worst weaknesses and meannesses are usually committed for the sake of the people whom we most despise.
So, you gave him a pass, Dr. Sanderson? Perhaps they neglected to tell you at medical school that a rabbit has large pointed ears? Do you know what you've done? You've allowed a psychopathic case to walk out of here and roam around with an overgrown white rabbit! You've laid me open to a lawsuit! I shall have to do something I haven't done for fifteen years! I'll have to go after this man, Dowd, and bring him back! But when I do, Dr. Sanderson, your connection with this institution will have ended - as of that moment!
Social change is the restructuring of human social institutions: culture, consciousness, technology, organizations, settlement systems, forms of exchange, and structures of authority and decision-making. It is commonly observed that some aspects of human social change especially those connected with technology, have greatly accelerated over the past few centuries, and the very speed of change produces new problems as people need to spend much time and energy adapting to and resisting change.
Social scientists sometimes talk about the concept of "identity". It is the idea that you have a particular vision of the kind of person you are, and you feel awful when you do things that are out of line with that vision.
Society is commonly too cheap. We meet at very short intervals, not having had time to acquire any new value for each other. We meet at meals three times a day, and give each other a new taste of that old musty cheese that we are.
Solving the following riddle will reveal the awful secret behind the universe, assuming you do not go utterly mad in the attempt. If you already happen to know the awful secret behind the universe, feel free to skip ahead.
Some day, and that day may never come, I will call upon you to do a service for me. But until that day, consider this justice a gift on my daughter's wedding day.
Some disorders that compromise the nervous system reflect single-gene mutations in homeobox-like transcription factors. Aniridia (characterized by loss of the iris in the eye and mild mental retardation) and Waardenburg's syndrome (characterized by craniofacial abnormalities, spina bifida, and hearing loss) are the result of mutations in the PAX6 and PAX3 genes, respectively, both of which encode transcription factors.
Some drivers actually perform best when there is a little extra incentive - like chasing another car. But be careful you don't get too caught up in what the competition is doing. Focus on your own performance rather than on the competition.
Some feeling had started in my stomach and was traveling up to my face, and I knew that when it got there I would turn bright red and hear the ocean, which is what happens when I get put on the spot.
Some have a positive vocation for breaking open safes: from their tenderest childhood they are attracted by the mysteries of every kind of complicated mechanism - bicycles, sewing machines, clock-work toys and watches. Finally, gentlemen, there are people with an hereditary animus against private property.
Some men are born mediocre, some men achieve mediocrity, and some men have mediocrity thrust upon them.
Some men dream of money, some men dream of love. My father dreamt of a flood of fire. We were given Eden, and we turned it into Sodom. Why do we deserve salvation? The Lord gave Noah a fish in the form of a flood. But he was not so easy on me.
Some people can't believe in themselves until someone else believes in them first.
Some people don't understand the promises they're making when they make them.
Some people pass through your life and you never think about them again. Some you think about and wonder what ever happened to them. Some you wonder if they ever wonder what happened to you. And then there are some you wish you never had to think about again. But you do.
Some people say that bowling alleys got big lanes. Some people say that bowling alleys all look the same. There's not a line that goes here that rhymes with anything. Had a dream last night but I forget what it was.
Some people thought we were at war with the Germans - incorrect. We were at war with the clock. Britain was literally starving to death. The Americans sent over 100,000 pounds of food each week, and every week the Germans would send our desperately needed bread to the bottom of the ocean. Our daily failure was announced at the chimes of midnight. And the sound would haunt our unwelcome dreams.
Some pilots like the excitement of our missions, knowing that they are of short duration, but most of us concentrate so fiercely on finding our targets and avoiding calamity that we recall more vividly our relief when it's over than we do our exhilaration while it's going on.
Some pirates achieved immortality by great deeds of cruelty or derring-do. Some achieved immortality by amassing great wealth. But the captain had long ago decided that he would, on the whole, prefer to achieve immortality by not dying.
Some say better things will come our way. No matter what they try to say, you were always there for me. Some way, when the sun begins to shine, I hear a song from another time and fade away.
Some things you just can't explain. You don't even try. You don't know where to start. All your sentences would jumble up like a giant knot if you opened your mouth. Any words you used would come out wrong.
Some time ago, before the king of Hyrule unified this country, there was a fierce war in our world. One day, to escape from the fires of the war, a Hylian mother and her baby boy entered this forbidden forest. The mother was gravely injured. Her only choice was to entrust the child to the Deku Tree, the guardian spirit of the forest. The Deku Tree could sense that this was a child of destiny, whose fate would affect the entire world, so he took him into the forest. After the mother passed away, the baby was raised as a Kokiri. And now, finally, the day of Destiny has come!
Some tourists think Amsterdam is a city of sin, but in truth it is a city of freedom. And in freedom, most people find sin.
Somebody once told me the world is gonna roll me, I ain't the sharpest tool in the shed. She was looking kind of dumb with her finger and her thumb in the shape of an "L" on her forehead. Well, the years start coming and they don't stop coming. Fed to the rules and I hit the ground running. Didn't make sense not to live for fun. Your brain gets smart but your head gets dumb. So much to do, so much to see, so what's wrong with taking the back streets? You'll never know if you don't go. You'll never shine if you don't glow.
Somebody said you got a new friend. But does she love you better than I can? And there's a big black sky over my town. I know where you're at, I bet she's around. And yeah I know it's stupid, but I just gotta see it for myself.
Someday he'll come along, the man I love, and he'll be big and strong, the man I love. And when he comes my way, I'll do my best to make him stay. He'll look at me and smile, I'll understand, then in a little while, he'll take my hand. And though it seems absurd, I know we both won't say a word. Maybe I shall meet him Sunday, maybe Monday, maybe not. Still I'm sure to meet him one day, maybe Tuesday will be my good news day.
Someone who takes an undemanding job because it affords him the time to pursue other interests and activities is considered a flake. A person who abandons a career in order to stay home and raise children is considered not to be living up to his potential. As if a job title and salary are the sole measure of human worth. You'll be told in a hundred ways, some subtle and some not, to keep climbing and never be satisfied with where you are, who you are, and what you're doing. There are a million ways to sell yourself out, and I guarantee you'll hear about them. To invent your own life's meaning is not easy, but it's still allowed, and I think you'll be happier for the trouble.
Something in the wind has learned my name and it's telling me that things are not the same. In the leaves on the trees and the touch of the breeze there's a pleasing sense of happiness for me.
Something inside me has always been there. But now it's awake. And I don't know what it is or where it came from, but I need help.
Something just came out of the back of a helicopter. It's a dark object, perhaps a skydiver plummeting to the earth from only two thousand feet in the air. There's a third. No parachutes yet. Those can't be skydivers. I can't tell just yet what they are but oh my God! They're turkeys!
Something's up, commander. We got called in for a rescue mission, but by the time we landed... it was too late. No one made it out alive. It was like the storm was targeting those survivors. I think we need to investigate the area.
Sometimes a hypocrite is nothing more than a man in the process of changing.
Sometimes all I want to do is head west on twenty in a car I can't afford with a plan I don't have. Just me, my music and the road.
Sometimes at night I let it get to me. And sometimes, I'm sure it gets to all of us. And last night, it had me down I'm feeling numb. I can try, but sometimes that is not enough. No, sometimes that is not enough.
Sometimes he awoke with a feeling of fragments afloat in his sleep, but he couldn't seem to grasp them and put them together into something worthy of telling at the ritual.
Sometimes I feel my heart will overflow. Hello, I've just got to let you know, cause I wonder where you are and I wonder what you do. Are you somewhere feeling lonely? Or is someone loving you? Tell me how to win your heart, for I haven't got a clue. But let me start by saying I love you.
Sometimes I just feel like my father, I hate to be bothered with all of this nonsense, it's constant. And "Oh, it's his lyrical content. The song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses." And all of this controversy circles me, and it seems like the media immediately points a finger at me, so I point one back at them, but not the index or pinkie, or the ring or the thumb.
Sometimes I think the surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that none of it has tried to contact us.
Sometimes I wake up by the door, that heart you caught must be waiting for you. Even now when we're already over I can't help myself from looking for you.
Sometimes I wish I could turn back time, impossible as it may seem, but I wish I could so bad. Quit playing games with my heart. I live my life the way to keep you coming back to me. Everything I do is for you, so what is it that you can't see?
Sometimes I wonder why I spend the lonely nights dreaming of a song. The melody haunts my reverie, and I am once again with you. When our love was new, and each kiss an inspiration. Oh, but that was long ago, now my consolation is in the stardust of a song.
Sometimes I wondered if I was seeing the same things through my eyes that the rest of the world was seeing through theirs. Maybe there was a glitch in my brain.
Sometimes ideas, like men, jump up and say 'hello'. They introduce themselves, these ideas, with words. Are they words? These ideas speak so strangely. All that we see in this world is based on someone's ideas. Some ideas are destructive, some are constructive. Some ideas can arrive in the form of a dream. I can say it again: some ideas arrive in the form of a dream.
Sometimes in our lives we all have pain, we all have sorrow, but if we are wise we know that there's always tomorrow.
Sometimes it is the people no one can imagine anything of who do the things no one can imagine.
Sometimes it makes me sad, though... Andy being gone. I have to remind myself that some birds aren't meant to be caged. Their feathers are just too bright. And when they fly away, the part of you that knows it was a sin to lock them up DOES rejoice. But still, the place you live in is that much more drab and empty that they're gone. I guess I just miss my friend.
Sometimes it seems as though each new step towards AI, rather than producing something which everyone agrees is real intelligence, merely reveals what real intelligence is not.
Sometimes it seems like we're all living in some kind of prison, and the crime is how much we hate ourselves. It's good to get really dressed up once in a while, and admit the truth - that when you really look closely, people are so strange and so complicated that they're actually beautiful. Possibly even me.
Sometimes it's the very people who no one imagines anything of who do the things no one can imagine.
Sometimes our thinking about an object is conditioned by viewing the object from some particular perspective. A racing bicycle, for example, may be considered fast for a bicycle, but slow for a means of transportation. At other times, our thinking is conditioned by the context an object is in. A particular person, for example, may be happy when operating as a mountain hiker, yet grumpy when operating as an airplane traveler.
Sometimes she did not know what she feared, what she desired: whether she feared or desired what had been or what would be, and precisely what she desired, she did not know.
Sometimes we get sad about things and we don't like to tell other people that we are sad about them. We like to keep it a secret. Or sometimes, we are sad but we really don't know why we are sad, so we say we aren't sad but we really are.
Sometimes we talk all night long, we don't shut up. And when it's late we'll say we're still wide awake so... We love to talk about how you'll come up to visit me. And we'll rent a car and we'll drive upstate.
Sometimes you are too ashamed to leave. That was true now. And sometimes you need too much to know the facts, and so humbly and stupidly you stay.
Sometimes you concentrate more on racing the cars around you, rather than focusing on what you need to do. Having said that, some drivers actually perform best when there is a little extra incentive - like chasing another car. But be careful you don't get too caught up in what the competition is doing. Focus on your own performance rather than on the competition.
Sometimes you never feel meaner than the moment you stop being mean. It's like how turning on a light makes you realize how dark the room had gotten. And the way you usually act, the things you would have normally done, are like these ghosts that everyone can see but pretends not to.
Sometimes you picture me. I'm walking too far ahead, you're calling to me, I can't hear what you've said. Then you say, "Go slow." I fall behind, the second hand unwinds.
Sometimes you remind me a lot of James. He called it my 'furry little problem' in company. Many people were under the impression that I owned a badly behaved rabbit.
Sometimes you're the windshield, sometimes you're the bug. Sometimes it all comes together baby. Sometimes you're a fool in love.
Sometimes you're the windshield, sometimes you're the bug. Sometimes it all comes together baby. Sometimes you're a fool in love. Sometimes you're the Louisville Slugger. Sometimes you're the ball. Sometimes it all comes together baby. Sometimes you're going to lose it all.
Sometimes, in the throes of a nightmare when unseen powers whirl one over the roofs of strange dead cities toward the grinning chasm of Nis, it is a relief and even a delight to shriek wildly and throw oneself voluntarily along with the hideous vortex of dream-doom into whatever bottomless gulf may yawn.
Sometimes, when you meet a new operative, it's a good idea to open with an aggressive move. You learn about people when you make them play defense: their reflexes, weaknesses, how they handle themselves under pressure. And even if they are able to counter, it never hurts to know how far they're willing to go.
Sometimes, you read a book and it fills you with this weird evangelical zeal, and you become convinced that the shattered world will never be put back together unless and until all living humans read the book.
Somewhere out there, someone's saying a prayer that we'll find one another in that big somewhere out there.
Somewhere over the rainbow way up high, there's a land that I heard of once in a lullaby. Somewhere over the rainbow skies are blue, and the dreams that you dare to dream really do come true. Someday I'll wish upon a star and wake up where the clouds are far behind me. Where troubles melt like lemon drops away above the chimney tops, that's where you'll find me. Somewhere over the rainbow bluebirds fly. Birds fly over the rainbow. Why then, oh, why can't I?
Somewhere, if you try to look it up, you can probably find a statement such as, "There are 17 languages in India, and 462 dialects." There is something strange about the precise statements like that, when the concepts "language" and "dialect" are themselves fuzzy.
Son, a woman is a lot like a... a refrigerator! They're about six feet tall, 300 pounds. They make ice and, um... Oh, wait a minute. Actually, a woman is more like a beer. They smell good, they look good and you'd step over your own mother just to get one!
Son, a woman is a lot like a... a refrigerator! They're about six feet tall, 300 pounds. They make ice and, um... Oh, wait a minute. Actually, a woman is more like a beer. They smell good, they look good and you'd step over your own mother just to get one!
Son, your ego is writing checks your body can't cash.
Soon after arriving, he offended the Icelanders by calling their country inadequate because it had no bowling alleys. He complained about the TV cameras, about the lighting, about the table and chairs, and the contrast of the squares on the board. His hotel room, he said, had too nice a view. None of this has anything to do with chess of course. But maybe it did. If he won, he'd be the first American world champion in history. If he lost, he'd just be another patzer from Brooklyn.
Soon I'll be sixty years old, my daddy got sixty-one. Remember life and then your life becomes a better one. I made a man so happy when I wrote a letter once. I hope my children come and visit, once or twice a month.
Soon, George Michael went to Ann's to try to win her back. But her Uncle Paul told him that Ann had moved in with her boyfriend. He also mentioned that we all only had three more weeks on earth, and that fossils were just something the Jews buried in 1924.
Sorrow is a lonely feeling. Unsettled is a painful place. I've lived with both for far too long now since we've parted ways. I've been wrestling with my conscience, and I've found myself to blame. If there's to be any resolution, I've got to peel this pride away. Just between you and me, I've got something to say, wanna get it straight, before the sun goes down. Just between you and me, confession needs to be made, recompense is my way to freedom now.
Sorry, Dust - I don't think you're double jumping over that. Stupid avalanches ruin everything! Go ahead, name me one good thing an avalanche has ever done!
Sorry, Link. I can't give credit. Come back when you're a little... mmmmm... richer!
Sorry, Venkman, I'm terrified beyond the capacity for rational thought.
Source routing is a way of moving a packet through a network in which the path is predetermined by the source or some device that tells the source about the path. The path information is placed in the packet. When the packet arrives at a switching device, no forwarding decision is necessary. The device looks at the path information in the packet to determine the port on which it should forward the packet.
Space ain't man's final frontier. Man's final frontier is the soul guided by someone more powerful than any human being. Someone felt but never seen. You will be surprised of what resides in your insides.
Space is big. Really big. You just won't believe how vastly hugely mindbogglingly big it is. I mean you may think it's a long way down the road to the chemist, but that's just peanuts to space.
Space travel makes you realize just how small you really are. When you see Earth as a tiny blue speck in the infinite reaches of space, you have to wonder about the mysteries of creation. Surely we're all part of some great design, no more or less important than anything else in the universe. Surely everything fits together and has a purpose, a reason for being. Doesn't it make you wonder?
Space, the final frontier. These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Its 5-year mission: to explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no man has gone before.
Sparkling wines are wines that contain carbon dioxide bubbles. Carbon dioxide gas is a natural byproduct of fermentation, and winemakers sometimes decide to trap it in the wine.
Speak roughly to your little boy and beat him when he sneezes! He only does it to annoy, because he knows it teases!
Speaking in my official capacity as a Pulitzer Prize winner, Mr. Schneider, your movie sucks.
Specialized uniforms, such as nun and priest garb, can be most helpful. Check out your local uniform store for a wide range of clothes that will get you in, and especially out, of all kinds of stores.
Speed is the consort of death, as pleasure is of life. Speed defies sensuality; it short-circuits ardor and shortchanges the palate. Speed is a thirst for life that in its haste keeps spilling the drink.
Spend all your time waiting for that second chance, for a break that would make it okay. There's always some reason to feel not good enough and it's hard at the end of the day.
Sprawling on the fringes of the city in geometric order. An insulated border in between the bright lights and the far unlit unknown. Growing up it all seems so one-sided. Opinions all provided. The future predecided. Detached and subdivided in the mass production zone. Nowhere is the dreamer or the misfit so alone.
Spring is the time of year when it is summer in the sun and winter in the shade.
Stab a sorry heart with your favorite finger. Paint the whole world blue and stop your tears from stinging. Hear the cavemen singing. Good news they're bringing. Seven seas, swimming them so well. Glad to see my face among them kissing the tortoise shell.
Stand tall, boy. Have some respect for yourself. Don't you know if you let people walk over you now they'll be walking over you for the rest of your life! Look at me. You think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house?
Stanley spent more time pushing the wheelbarrow than digging, because he was such a slow digger. He carted away the excess dirt and dumped it into previously dug holes. He was careful not to dump any of it in the hole where the gold tube was actually found.
Stars, in your multitudes - scarce to be counted, filling the darkness with order and light. You are the sentinels, silent and sure, keeping watch in the night. You know your place in the sky, you hold your course and your aim, and each in your season returns and returns and is always the same.
Start spreading the news, I'm leaving today. I want to be a part of it, New York, New York. These vagabond shoes are longing to stray right through the very heart of it, New York, New York.
Stenotype is a method whereby it is possible to take verbatim dictation at the speed at which it is spoken. The student reporter's ultimate goal is to write 225 words per minute.
Step out the front door like a ghost into the fog where no one notices the contrast of white on white. And in between the moon and you the angels get a better view of the crumbling difference between wrong and right. I walk in the air between the rain through myself and back again. Where? I don't know.
Step right on up, any of you who have the time and the courage! Our "Super Dimension Warp" is the invention of the century! To use it, jump up here... and you'll get teleported here! It's the masterwork of my beautiful daughter, Lucca.
Still, as a storyteller, I'm fascinated how a person's sense of consciousness can be so transformed by nothing more magical than listening to words. Mere words.
Still, we will let all this be a thing of the past, though it hurts us, and beat down by constraint the anger that rises inside us. Now I am making an end of my anger. It does not become me, unrelentingly to rage on.
Stir-frying is a cooking technique in which small, uniform-size pieces of meat and/or vegetables are cooked quickly over high heat while being constantly stirred. Saute literally means "to jump" and is defined as cooking food in a small amount of fat while stirring and tossing it. The biggest difference between the two techniques is that food is usually cooked at a slightly lower heat when sauteing, so it doesn't require constant stirring.
Stop saying the game is sold and not be told. Try to help the child that's only 4 years old. Why, why would you sit back and relax and watch them kids fall off the tracks? How, how can we sit on the sideline and watch it go down? You, you need to make someone feel really proud. Rhythm is the key, can't you see? Just don't do it for publicity.
Straight up now tell me, do you really wanna love me forever, or am I caught in a hit and run?
Strange, isn't it? Each man's life touches so many other lives. When he isn't around he leaves an awful hole, doesn't he?
Stretching improves flexibility. By gradually stretching the major muscle groups, you can increase your flexibility. The main benefit is to reduce the risk of injury while involved in sports or in normal daily activities such as bending, reaching and lifting.
Studies suggest that the influence of parents is due to two factors: communication and receptivity. Parents communicate their feelings and preferences to children constantly. Because children have such a strong desire for parental approval, they are very receptive to their parents' views.
Stupid human propaganda! The very concept of a superior alien species being felled by something as pathetic as... germs... is sheer fantasy! Do they really believe that could happen?
Subatomic penetration, rapid fire through your skull. How I shot it on one taking it back to the days of trying to lose control. Swerving in a blaze of fire, raging through my bones.
Subdivisions in the high school halls. In the shopping malls. Conform or be cast out. Subdivisions in the basement bars. In the backs of cars. Be cool or be cast out.
Subdivisions in the high school halls. In the shopping malls. Conform or be cast out. Subdivisions in the basement bars. In the backs of cars. Be cool or be cast out. Any escape might help to soothe the unattractive truth but the suburbs have no charms to soothe the restless dreams of youth.
Such a waste of talent. He chose money over power - in this town, a mistake nearly everyone makes. Money is the McMansion in Sarasota that starts falling apart after 10 years. Power is the old stone building that stands for centuries. I cannot respect someone who does not see the difference.
Such places are few and far between, these grand islands of eternity in the soupy, ever changing world of the living. New York had its share of forever-places. The greatest of these stood near Manhattan's southern-most tip: the two gray brothers to the green statue in the bay. The towers had found their heaven. They were a part of Everlost now, held fast, and held forever by the memories of a mourning world, and by the dignity of the souls who got where they were going on that dark September day.
Sucker play or not, I must have turned her on somethin' fierce. I mean, this dame was goin' for broke. Maybe it was her first time with a New Yorker, I dunno. Anyway, nothing can beat good old American know-how. And I was givin' this broad "The Stars and Stripes Forever".
Suddenly Lasher underwent a transformation. He showed a side of himself he had mentioned, but which Paul had found impossible to imagine. And, with the transformation, the desk became a pulpit. "Revolutions aren't my main line of business," said Lasher, his voice deep and rolling. "I'm a minister, Doctor, remember? First and last, I'm an enemy of the Devil, a man of God!"
Suffering has been stronger than all other teaching, and has taught me to understand what your heart used to be. I have been bent and broken, but - I hope - into a better shape.
Suit yourself. Hey! Would you mind getting a door for me? My hands are kinda full.
Summer has come and passed. The innocent can never last. Wake me up when September ends. Ring out the bells again like we did when spring began.
Summer's going fast, nights growing colder. Children growing up, old friends growing older. Freeze this moment a little bit longer. Make each sensation a little bit stronger. Experience slips away. Experience slips away. The innocence slips away.
Summertime, and the livin' is easy. Fish are jumpin' and the cotton is high. Oh, your daddy's rich and your ma is good lookin', so hush little baby, don't you cry.
Sun Tzu said: In the practical art of war, the best thing of all is to take the enemy's country whole and intact; to shatter and destroy it is not so good. So, too, it is better to recapture an army entire than destroy it, to capture a regiment, a detachment or a company entire than to destroy them.
Supermarket aisles are the perfect place to practice your glide. Not only do you get to stock up on all your groceries and wow the locals but you can get up to twenty-four aisles' worth of runway-smooth surface to practice on, while being supported by a trolley, the ultimate stabilizer for the novice stiletto wearer.
Suppose you suggest to your husband that subsidized llama farming would set California's economic woes aright, and he takes issue with you on the ground that you are an old bag. He has clearly committed a bad mistake in logic (and perhaps others as well).
Sure is mellow grazin' in the grass. What a trip just watchin' as the world goes past. There are too many groovy things to see while grazin' in the grass. Flowers with colours for takin', everything outta sight.
Sure. Support a man you never met over a partner who knows you never went to Harvard, knows you're not really a lawyer, and is keeping you on anyway.
Surely death has found me, it has kept a hold of me all this far. My actions will reveal, only time will tell. These passions start to slip away, memories flash like seconds in a day.
Surely there can't be so many countries worth dying for. Anything worth living for is worth dying for.
Surprisingly, the Triforce created this world to fulfill Ganon's wish. What is Ganon's wish, you ask? It is to rule the entire cosmos! Don't you think it might be possible with the power of the Triforce behind you?
Surveys show that the #1 fear of Americans is public speaking. #2 is death. Death is #2. That means that at a funeral, the average American would rather be in the casket than doing the eulogy.
Susie, if you want to see your doll again, leave $100 in this envelope by the tree out front. Do not call the police. You cannot trace us. You cannot find us. Sincerely, Calvin.
Sutler can no longer trust you, can he, Mr. Creedy? And we both know why. After I destroy Parliament, his only chance will be to offer them someone else. Some other piece of meat. And who will that be? You, Mr. Creedy. A man as smart as you has probably considered this. A man as smart as you probably has a plan. That plan is the reason Sutler no longer trusts you. It's the reason why you're being watched right now, why there are eyes and ears in every room of this house and a tap on every phone.
Sutler. Come now, Mr. Creedy, you knew this was coming. You knew that one day, it'd be you or him. That's why Sutler has been kept underground, for "security purposes." That's why there are several of your men close to Sutler. Men that could be counted on. All you have to do is say the word.
Sweet dreams are made of this. Who am I to disagree? I travel the world and the seven seas. Everybody's looking for something.
Sweet the rain's new fall, sunlit from heaven like the first dewfall on the first grass. Praise for the sweetness of the wet garden, sprung in completeness where his feet pass.
Swing low, sweet chariot, coming for to carry me home. I looked over Jordan, what did I see, coming for to carry me home? A band of angels, coming after me, coming for to carry me home. Swing low, sweet chariot, coming for to carry me home.
Swinging Belleville rendez-vous. Marathon dancing doop dee doop. Vaudou Cancan balais taboo. Au Belleville swinging rendez-vous.
Tables. Tables are made so a person can sit down and do something. Or nothing. Any person can sit at a table, and if the table is large enough, many people. To make jokes, eat a meal, tell stories. Tables are for people to be together and share. And that is why tables are like Pied Piper. Grapefruits, postcards, hugs. These are things people share to connect, to come closer. To open up about ideas and things that make us feel alive, like air, ballet, amazing haircuts, weird countries, three-alarm chili, mountains, continents, the Earth, life. Life is beautiful, and sad, and hopeful, and dangerous.
Take a break. Shake your hands loosely at the wrists. Stretch your arms above your head. Slowly turn your head from side to side. Stand up and walk around a little to relax your body.
Take a drink, my friend, and say what you have in your heart. But you never drink. You never say. Because you are afraid of what you have in your heart!
Take care where you're going, doing all the things you do. Even when you're away from me, I'm the closest thing to you. Come here when it's over, when you think you've lost your world. Come here with your restlessness, and I will calm you down. 'Cause it feels like home when you are here.
Take me away, to January. I'm done with this year... I'm tired of everyone here. I just need some time alone... Before I'm ready to come back home...
Take me home to the friends I've always known. Take me home, back to the place where I belong. A distant coast line, what peaks insight, washing the white of that ocean's tide.
Take me ten minutes to get a king size Coke and a wedge of pie. That is if that peckerwood ain't sold out yet.
Take my advice and live for a long, long time. Because the maddest thing a man can do in this life is to let himself die.
Take my hand for a minute. We're in it. Imagine all the pain that might be forgiven. What if I had your heart? What if you wore my scars? How would we break down? What if you were me? What if I were you? What if you told my lies? What if I cried with your eyes? Could anyone keep us down? What if you were me? What if I were you?
Take my love, take my land, take me where I cannot stand. I don't care; I'm still free. You can't take the sky from me. Take me out to the black. Tell them I ain't coming back.
Take one moment to escape, it will change your mood when you're walking on the moon. Chase your happy place, it will change your groove when you're dancing on the moon. When we dance again, all our trouble seems to fade away. This is how I feel when you take me to some levels that I've never been.
Take the fifteen minutes before homeroom every morning. What you do with those fifteen minutes says pretty much everything there is to say about you as a human being.
Take these three items: some WD-40, a vise grip, and a roll of duct tape. Any man worth his salt can fix almost any problem with this stuff alone.
Taking a new step, uttering a new word, is what people fear most.
Talk to me baby. Tell me what you're feeling. You say you don't need to go... don't you pretend you didn't know... how all of this would end up. Girl I saw it in your eyes, and baby I can read your mind, and expectations were not in sight.
Talking away. I don't know what I'm to say, I'll say it anyway. Today is another day to find you. Shying away. I'll be coming for your love, okay?
Taran of Caer Dallben, do you have any idea what you're saying? Has the flame of Dyrnwyn scorched your wits?
Tatum used a special device to elongate his descending pentatonic runs, to sustain them over longer groups of bars. In addition to inserting descending chromatic connective tones, he also inserted some ascending skips (usually fourths, fifths, or sixths), followed by a descending skip landing a whole-step below any of the tones of the pentatonic run he was using. In this way, he was able to "gain" some ground, and was then ready to play another portion of the descending pentatonic run.
Teachers never die. They live in your memory forever. They were there when you arrived; they were there when you left. Like fixtures. Once in a while they taught you something. But not that often. And you never really knew them any more than they knew you. Still for a while you believed in them. And if you were lucky maybe there was one who believed in you.
Teachers want us to work, and I say, "Fine, I'll work. But you've gotta let me do the kind of work that I wanna do." And for me, it's my drum kit, man. This is my passion. This is the essence of who I am now. But before I had this, I was lost, too. You see what I'm saying? You need to find your reason for living. You've gotta find your big, gigantic drum kit.
Tears are handy for washing away troubling and sad feelings. But when you grow up, you'll learn that there are things so sad, they can never be washed away by tears. That there are painful memories that should never be washed away. So people who are truly strong laugh when they want to cry. They endure all of the pain and sorrow while laughing with everybody else.
Technical analysis is essentially the making and interpreting of stock charts. Thus, its practitioners, a small but abnormally dedicated cult, are called chartists or technicians.
Teddy told me that in Greek, "nostalgia" literally means the pain from an old wound. It's a twinge in your heart, far more powerful than memory alone. This device isn't a space ship, it's a time machine. It goes backwards, forwards. It takes us to a place where we ache to go again. It's not called a wheel, it's called a carousel. It lets us travel the way a child travels, round and round, and back home again, to a place where we know we are loved.
Teenage angst has paid off well. Now I'm bored and old. Self-appointed judges judge more than they have sold. If she floats then she is not a witch like we had thought. A down payment on another one at Salem's lot.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Heroes in a half-shell. Turtle power!
Tell me again, was it love at first sight when I walked by and you caught my eye? Didn't you know love could shine this bright? Well, smile because you're the deer in the headlights.
Tell me your secrets and ask me your questions. Oh, let's go back to the start. Running in circles, coming up tails, heads on a science apart.
Ten percent of whatever they were gonna steal. One time, I "accidentally" left the watch case open and I got like 500 bucks!
Thank you for opening my eyes to what a loser I am! How much do I owe you for those pearls of wisdom?
That day, for no particular reason, I decided to go for a little run. So I ran to the end of the road. And when I got there, I thought maybe I'd run to the end of town. And when I got there, I thought maybe I'd just run across Greenbow County. And I figured, since I run this far, maybe I'd just run across the great state of Alabama.
That fear had been inside him for many years, it had lived with him, it had been another shadow ever since the night he awoke, shaken by a bad dream, and realized that death was not only a permanent probability, as he has always believed, but an immediate reality.
That guy was hurting me. If you hadn't come out when you did, he would've hurt me a lot worse. And probably nothing would've happened to him 'cause everybody did see me dancin' with him all night. They would've made out like I'd asked for it. My life would've been ruined a whole lot worse than it is now. At least now I'm havin' some fun.
That is just the way with some people. They get down on a thing when they don't know nothing about it.
That is right, but I held something back. I see some real genius in your flying, Maverick, but I can't say that in there. I was afraid that everyone in the tax trailer would see right through me, and I just don't want anyone to know that I've fallen for you.
That night of my sister's 18th birthday a lot of things happened. Maybe more than she knew. Because that night when my father let Karen go out, he let Karen go. Maybe that's how it had to be. Children leave. And parents stay behind. Still, some things are deeper than time and distance and your father will always be your father. And he will always leave a light on for you.
That person tried to send poison to you and if you take it personally, then you take that poison and it becomes yours.
That Qwerty survived significant challenges early in the history of typewriting demonstrates that it is at least among the reasonably fit, even if not the fittest that can be imagined.
That sometimes human beings have to just sit in one place and, like, hurt. That you will become way less concerned with what other people think of you when you realize how seldom they do. That there is such a thing as raw, unalloyed, agendaless kindness. That it is possible to fall asleep during an anxiety attack. That concentrating on anything is very hard work.
That sometimes human beings have to just sit in one place and, like, hurt. That you will become way less concerned with what other people think of you when you realize how seldom they do. That there is such a thing as raw, unalloyed, agendaless kindness. That it is possible to fall asleep during an anxiety attack. That concentrating on anything is very hard work.
That we don't even care as restless as we are, we feel the pull in the land of a thousand guilts. And poured cement, lamented and assured. To the lights and town below, faster than the speed of sound, faster than we thought we'd go beneath the sound of hope.
That woman has to show you're a fraud, but as far as the world knows you're a goddamn lawyer and that's the way it's gonna stay. Don't forget, we don't need to prove you're a lawyer; she needs to prove you're not.
That's a good idea. Four unidentifiable high school students lost their lives early this morning when their toy rocket exploded.
That's about the size of it. However, we are plowing through every possible three-letter combination of the code. But since there are 17,000 permutations... it's going to take us about two-and-a-half days to transmit them all.
That's always seemed so ridiculous to me, that people want to be around someone because they're pretty. It's like picking your breakfast cereals based on color instead of taste.
That's because we're uncool. And while women will always be a problem for us, most of the great art in the world is about that very same problem. Good-looking people don't have any spine. Their art never lasts. They get the girls, but we're smarter.
That's different for everybody. You add up all your mortal sins, multiply that number by 50, then you add up all your venial sins and multiply that by 25. You add them together, and that's your sentence. I figure I'm gonna have to do about 6,000 years before I get accepted into heaven. And 6,000 years is nothing in eternity terms. I could do that standing on my head. It's like a couple of days here.
That's exactly why I came here. I love Cersei. You can laugh at that if you want, you can sneer, it doesn't matter. She needs me. And to get back to her, I have to take Riverrun. I'll send for your baby boy and I'll launch him into Riverrun with a catapult because you don't matter to me, Lord Edmure. Your son doesn't matter to me. The people in the castle don't matter to me... only Cersei. And if I have to slaughter every Tully who ever lived to get back to her, that's what I'll do.
That's great it starts with an earthquake. Birds and snakes and aeroplanes and Lenny Bruce is not afraid.
That's great Rachel, but I'm on my third glass of chardonnay and I don't think you called me over here to tell me you submitted your application to the bar, or that you're putting your foot down with Louis.
That's how you have to think of this. We're rewriting the history of human thought with what we're doing.
That's it. We have always done things your way. I have bent over backwards to make you happy. I bought the ring you wanted. The china you wanted. The crystal you wanted. I even agreed to have a duvet cover on my bed. I don't know what a duvet is or what it's supposed to cover. When are we going to do something that I want to do?
That's me in the corner, that's me in the spotlight losing my religion trying to keep up with you, and I don't know if I can do it. Oh no, I've said too much, I haven't said enough.
That's right, and the one who wins gets a prize, only there really isn't a prize. It's just the honor of winning, because all the money goes to charity, that is, if there is any money left over, but there never is.
That's the engineer of the Excess Express. Talk about a dream job for kids! But just saying you drive a train doesn't make you cool. You gotta LOVE the job! I mean, we're talking about a train, here. That's some serious responsibility!
That's the way it is. It's down there and I'm in here. I guess it comes down to a simple choice, really. Get busy living or get busy dying.
That's the way romance is. Usually that's the way that it goes, but every once in a while it goes the other way, too.
That's Tommy. He tells people he was named after a gun, but I know he was really named after a famous 19th century ballet dancer.
That's too bad, I said lunch meet. You want a drink? Lose the glasses. I'm gonna say a few things. I'm gonna say some bad words. You're just gonna have to deal with it. Now, I know what you're thinking: you're thinking I clipped your uncle. On the one hand, you'd be an idiot to believe me when I told you I didn't do it. But I didn't. Now, I got some bad news for you. Look at me. Look at me. Your uncle was a rat.
That's what makes you dangerous. It's not the mask, it's not the skills, it's your ideology. The lone man who thinks he can make a difference. I'm glad we could talk. I... I respect your conviction even if it runs counter with my own.
That's what pain does. It shows you what was on the inside, and inside of you is pure gold. I know that. Your father knew that too.
That's what the money is for! You should be thanking me every morning when you wake up, along with Jesus, for giving you another day!
That's when the pain comes in like a second skeleton trying to fit beneath the skin. I can't fit the feelings in. Every single night is a fight with my brain.
The "present" is a leaf floating on top of the river. It moves along with the flow from past to the future.
The ability to witness two men stand toe to toe in the spirit of sportsmanship and pummel each other into insensibility is what separates us from the animals.
The Acromantula is a monstrous eight-eyed spider capable of human speech. It originated in Borneo, where it inhabits dense jungle. Its distinctive features include the thick black hair that covers its body; its legspan, which may reach up to fifteen feet; its pincers, which produce a distinctive clicking sound when the Acromantula is excited or angry; and a poisonous secretion.
The allure of the Abyss is inescapable. Even so, no one has managed to reach the end. A golden city that sleeps at the bottom of the Abyss. Relics that surpass understanding. For 1,900 years, we have ventured into the darkness hoping to make greater and greater discoveries. The romance of a lost age and the arcane. Drawn to the great unknown, the Abyss devours us.
The Altair was tedious to use. At first, the only way that data and instructions could be given to the computer was by flipping switches. Take something trivial like 2+2. Each 2 needed eight different switches to be flipped, then a ninth switch was used to load them all. 'And' required another nine switches. The answer 4 was if the third light from the left turned on. Eureka!
The alternative is unconsciousness, the default setting, the rat race, the constant gnawing sense of having had and lost some infinite thing.
The alternative to binge travel - the mini retirement - entails relocating to one place for one to six months before going home or moving to another locale. Rather than seeking to see the world, we aim to experience it at a speed that lets it change us.
The alternative to binge travel entails relocating to one place for one to six months before going home. Rather than seeking to see the world, we aim to experience it at a speed that lets it change us.
The amount of spent nuclear fuel and plutonium is increasing even today. Listen, have you ever seen a warehouse full of nuclear material? Drums and drums of nuclear waste stacked this high. As far as you can see because there's still no real way to dispose of the stuff.
The amusing thing about this, it's all a big mistake. That particular Starfighter game was supposed to be delivered to Vegas, not some flea-speck trailer park in the middle of tumbleweeds and tarantulas. So it must be fate, destiny, blind chance, luck even, that brings us together. And as the poet said, "the rest is history."
The ancient Oracle said that I was the wisest of all the Greeks. It is because I alone, of all the Greeks, know that I know nothing.
The answer was a perfectly indescribable hiss, and Mowgli kicked up his feet behind, clapped his hands together to applaud himself, and jumped on Bagheera's back, where he sat sideways, drumming with his heels on the glossy skin and making the worst faces that he could think of at Baloo.
The approximately 206 bones of the skeleton are classified according to whether they occur in the axial skeleton or the appendicular skeleton. The axial skeleton is in the midline of the body, and the appendicular skeleton consists of the limbs along with their girdles.
The arts are not a way to make a living. They are a very human way of making life more bearable. Practicing an art, no matter how well or badly, is a way to make your soul grow, for heaven's sake. Sing in the shower. Dance to the radio. Tell stories. Write a poem to a friend, even a lousy poem. Do it as well as you possibly can. You will get an enormous reward. You will have created something.
The assembled hordes of Genghis Khan couldn't get through that door and believe me, they've tried.
The Aurora Borealis? At this time of year? At this time of day? In this part of the country? Localized entirely within your kitchen?
The Aurors are part of the Rotfang Conspiracy, I thought everyone knew that. They're working from within to bring down the Ministry of Magic with a combination of dark magic and gum disease.
The automobile brake was not invented until 1895. Before this, someone had to remain in the car at all times, driving in circles until passengers returned from their errands.
The awful thing is that beauty is mysterious as well as terrible. God and the devil are fighting there and the battlefield is the heart of man.
The awful thing is that beauty is mysterious as well as terrible. God and the devil are fighting there and the battlefield is the heart of man.
The bartender's smile widened. His ugliness was the stuff of legend. In an age of affordable beauty, there was something heraldic about his lack of it. The antique arm whined as he reached for another mug. It was a Russian military prosthesis, a seven-function force-feedback manipulator, cased in grubby pink plastic. "You are too much the artiste, Herr Case." Ratz grunted; the sound served him as laughter. He scratched his overhang of white-shirted belly with the pink claw. "You are the artiste of the slightly funny deal."
The basic concept is simple: a satellite in geosynchronous orbit is connected by cable to a stationary or mobile platform somewhere on Earth's equator. An elevator would ride up and down the cable at a fraction of present costs. Many sane and sober people believe that a space elevator will be constructed within this century.
The basis of the Aztecs' success in creating a great state and ultimately an empire was their remarkable system of agriculture, which featured intensive cultivation of all available land, as well as elaborate systems of irrigation and reclamation of swampland.
The basis of the Aztecs' success in creating a great state and ultimately an empire was their remarkable system of agriculture, which featured intensive cultivation of all available land, as well as elaborate systems of irrigation and reclamation of swampland. The high productivity gained by these methods made for a rich and populous state.
The battle for soup versus salad is raging in the other room. Come quick and settle it please, as I am running out of French curse words that they won't understand.
The beginner writes just twenty pieces. The professional writes three times what's needed, as many as sixty different bits, keeps trying them out on small groups (but never your own family), rewrites discards, rewrites some more, then finally settles on the twenty which work best for that specific audience.
The beginner writes just twenty pieces. The professional writes three times what's needed, rewrites, discards, rewrites some more, then finally settles on the twenty which work best for that specific audience.
The best way to measure how much you've grown isn't by inches or the number of laps you can now run around the track, or even your grade point average - though those things are important, to be sure. It's what you've done with your time, how you've chosen to spend your days, and whom you've touched this year. That, to me, is the greatest measure of success.
The big final rule for the comma is one that you won't find in any books by grammarians. It is quite easy to remember, however. The rule is: don't use commas like a stupid person. I mean it. More than any other mark, the comma requires the writer to use intelligent discretion and to be simply alert to potential ambiguity.
The bird, the pin, the song, the berries, the watch, the cracker, the dress that burst into flames. I am the mockingjay. The one that survived despite the Capitol's plans. The symbol of the rebellion.
The bizarre thing is, is that I did it for my old man... I tortured this poor kid, because I wanted him to think that I was cool. He's always going off about you know when he was in school, all the wild things he used to do. And I got the feeling that he was disappointed that I never cut loose on anyone, right?
The blade is as good as though it had just come out of the grindstone.
The Bluebird of Happiness long absent from his life, Ned is visited by the Chicken of Depression.
The bonds between ourselves and another person exists only in our minds. Memory as it grows fainter loosens them, and notwithstanding the illusion by which we want to be duped and which, out of love, friendship, politeness, deference, duty, we dupe other people, we exist alone. Man is the creature who cannot escape from himself, who knows other people only in himself, and when he asserts the contrary, he is lying.
The bony attachments of the buccinator muscle are to the upper and lower jaws (maxilla and mandible) opposite the three molar teeth. The upper attachment of temporalis occupies the temporal fossa (the narrow space above the zygomatic arch at the side of the skull). The lower attachment of temporalis extends from the lowest part of the mandibular notch of the mandible, over the coronoid process and down the front of the ramus almost as far as the last molar tooth. Masseter extends from the zygomatic arch to the lateral side of the ramus of the mandible.
The Borg is the ultimate user. They're unlike any threat your Federation has ever faced. They're not interested in political conquest, wealth, or power as you know it. They're simply interested in your ship. Its technology. They've identified it as something they can consume.
The boy had been working for the crystal merchant for almost a month, and he could see that it wasn't exactly the kind of job that would make him happy. The merchant spent the entire day mumbling behind the counter, telling the boy to be careful with the pieces and not to break anything.
The boy has not a real choice, has he? Self-interest, the fear of physical pain drove him to that grotesque act of self-abasement. The insincerity was clear to be seen. He ceases to be a wrongdoer. He ceases also to be a creature capable of moral choice.
The brain best remembers things that are repeated, rhythmic, rhyming, structured, and above all easily visualized.
The brain can be a tool. But when you can't stop thinking of that math problem or phone number, or when troubling thoughts and memories arise without your intent, it's not your brain working, but your mind wandering. Then the mind controls you.
The brain can be a tool. It can recall phone numbers, solve math puzzles, or create poetry. In this way, it works for the rest of the body, like a tractor. But when you can't stop thinking of that math problem or phone number, or when troubling thoughts and memories arise without your intent, it's not your brain working, but your mind wandering. Then the mind controls you; then the tractor has run wild.
The breath of the morning, I keep forgetting the smell of the warm summer air. I live in a town where you can't smell a thing; you watch your feet for cracks in the pavement. Up above, aliens hover making home movies for the folks back home, of all these weird creatures who lock up their spirits, drill holes in themselves and live for their secrets...
The bully who oppressed your youth isn't at the table with us, perhaps he's long dead.
The bunk house was a long, rectangular building. Inside, the walls were whitewashed and the floor unpainted. In three walls there were small, square windows, and in the fourth, a solid door with a wooden latch. Against the walls were eight bunks, five of them made up with blankets and the other three showing their burlap ticking. Over each bunk there was nailed an apple box with the opening forward so that it made two shelves for the personal belongings of the occupant of the bunk. And these shelves were loaded with little articles, soap and talcum powder, razors and those Western magazines ranch men love to read and scoff at and secretly believe.
The calendar loses a precious component. The remaining months gather to mourn. The mourners play a melody, while the eleventh moon quietly rises. The chrysanthemum withers and falls, to lie on the ground beside blood Scarlet Eyes. But you remain supreme, even after losing half your limbs. Enjoy the interlude. Search out new allies. East is the direction to go. You will find one who awaits you.
The Canadians were glad to keep mum. The scheme would boost their railroads. Plus Hennessy bought the shield all of his machinery and cast iron from the same Canadian factories that supplied the Saint Clair job.
The car has stopped. Vinny: "What have you stopped here for? What's wrong with that space over there?" Tyrone: "It's too tight." Vinny: "What are you talking about, tight? You could land a jumbo jet in there!"
The car has stopped. Vinny: "What have you stopped here for? What's wrong with that space over there?" Tyrone: "It's too tight." Vinny: "What are you talking about, tight? You could land a jumbo jet in there!" Sol: "Hey, leave him alone, he's a natural. Ain't you Tyrone?" Tyrone gets a little over-excited with the accelerator and reverses with a crashing sound into the rear of the van behind them. Vinny: "A natural idiot! Tyrone, what have you done!" Sol: "Yeah Tyrone, what have you done?"
The castle-in-the-air theory of investing concentrates on psychic values. John Maynard Keynes, a famous economist and successful investor, enunciated the theory most lucidly in 1936. It was his opinion that professional investors prefer to devote their energies not to estimating intrinsic values, but rather to analyzing how the crowd of investors is likely to behave in the future and how during periods of optimism they tend to build their hopes into castles in the air. The successful investor tries to beat the gun by estimating what investment situations are most susceptible to public castle-building and then buying before the crowd.
The Cat: I say let's get into the jet-powered rocket pants and Junior Birdman out of here. Kryten: An excellent and inventive suggestion, sir, with just two tiny drawbacks. A, We don't have any jet-powered rocket pants. And B, There's no such thing as jet-powered rocket pants outside the fictional serial "Robbie Rocket Pants". The Cat: Well, that's put a crimp on an otherwise fine plan.
The chat room she finds not so comforting. It's strange even with friends, like sitting in a pitch-dark cellar conversing with people a distance of about fifteen feet. The hectic speed, and the brevity of the lines in the thread, plus the feeling that everyone is talking at once, at counter-purposes, deter her.
The chemistry of an element is determined by the manner in which its electrons are arranged in the atom. Such arrangements are the basis of the modern periodic classification of the elements: the Periodic Table.
The child is brought up in a culture where he or she simply takes social reality for granted. We learn to perceive and use cars, bathtubs, houses, money, restaurants, and schools without reflecting on the special features of their ontology and without being aware that they have a special ontology. They seem as natural to us as stones and water and trees.
The choice for mankind lies between freedom and happiness and for the great bulk of mankind, happiness is better.
The colors of the rainbow so pretty in the sky are also on the faces of people going by. I see friends shaking hands saying "how do you do?" They're really saying "I love you."
The consequences of our actions are always so complicated, so diverse, that predicting the future is a very difficult business indeed.
The core-periphery hierarchy in the modern world-system is a system of stratification in which socially structured inequalities are reproduced by the institutional features of the system. The periphery is not "catching up" with the core. Rather, both core and peripheral regions are developing, but most core states are staying well ahead of most peripheral states. There is also a stratum of countries that we call the semiperiphery: countries that are in between the core and the periphery.
The cost of a thing is the amount of what I will call life which is required to be exchanged for it, immediately or in the long run.
The creation ends in South Georgia, at the very edge of the sweet earth. Only the sky, widest of the wide, goes on, flatness against flatness. The sky appears so close that, with a long-enough extension ladder, you think you could touch it, and sometimes you do, when clouds descend in the night to set a fine pelt of dew on the grasses, leaving behind white trails of fog and mist.
The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again; but already it was impossible to say which was which.
The crowd is running for their lives. I think I'm going to step inside. I can't stand here and watch this anymore. No, I can't go in there. Children are searching for their mothers and oh, not since the Hindenburg tragedy has there been anything like this.
The Dark Lord has Nine. But we have One, mightier than they: the White Rider. He has passed through the fire and the abyss, and they shall fear him. We will go where he leads.
The darker the night, the brighter the stars, the deeper the grief, the closer is God.
The day dawned bleak and chill, a moving wall of gray light out of the northeast which, instead of dissolving into moisture, seemed to disintegrate into minute and venomous particles, like dust that, when Dilsey opened the door of the cabin and emerged, needled laterally into her flesh, precipitating not so much a moisture as a substance partaking of the quality of thin, not quite congealed oil.
The day is made up of 24 hours and an infinite number of moments. We need to be aware of those moments and make the most of them regardless of whether we're busy doing something or contemplating life.
The day of death is better than the day of birth, a live dog is better than a dead lion, and the grave is better than poverty.
The day will come, according to NASA, that a launch will be so routine that the press and television won't even bother to cover it.
The days go on and on... they don't end. All my life needed was a sense of someplace to go. I don't believe that one should devote his life to morbid self-attention. I believe that one should become a person like other people.
The debate between mercantilists (under various names) and free-traders (known as liberals in the nineteenth century) has never been completely resolved. Free trade in goods and factors of production and financial integration, which is essentially free trade in financial assets, advanced in a first wave of globalization throughout the nineteenth century, so that by the beginning of the twentieth century, the world was highly economically integrated.
The Demiguise is a peaceful herbivorous beast, something like a graceful ape in appearance, with large, black, doleful eyes more often than not hidden by its hair. The whole body is covered with long, fine, silky, silvery hair. Demiguise pelts are highly valued as the hair may be spun into invisibility cloaks.
The derby is over and the results are in. Last place... YOU!
The development of a living body of literature became indicative of an advanced culture and are always correlated with advances in science, philosophy, theology, and art.
The development of a living body of literature became indicative of an advanced culture and are always correlated with advances in science, philosophy, theology, and art. Unfortunately the loss of many libraries, such as the Great Library of Alexandria in a civil war in the 3rd century AD, also heralded the loss of many of these irreplaceable texts.
The devil found a clever way to infiltrate and bring his manipulation; a slender blonde in a cocktail dress struggling through the intoxication brought on by the gifting of drinks until she was ready to pay back in the bedroom, in the search to appease the demons in her head on a sterile surface in the bathroom.
The dews were so heavy that the fields glistened like cloth of silver and there were such heaps of rustling leaves in the hollows of many-stemmed woods to run crisply through. The Birch Path was a canopy of yellow and the ferns were sear and brown all along it.
The dewy night unrolls a heaven thickly jewelled with sparkling stars.
The disposal facility includes a hardened underground base. Even with our most advanced intelligence gathering equipment, we can't tell what's happening inside.
The dispositions of agents, their habitus, that is, the mental structures through which they apprehend the social world, are essentially the product of the internalization of the structures of that world.
The double attack on Justin and Nearly Headless Nick turned what had hitherto been nervousness into real panic. Curiously, it was Nearly Headless Nick's fate that seemed to worry people most. "What could possibly do that to a ghost?" people asked each other; what terrible power could harm someone who was already dead? There was almost a stampede to book seats on the Hogwarts Express so that students could go home for Christmas.
The dreams of those who've fallen! The hopes of those who'll follow! Those two sets of dreams weave together into a double helix! Drilling a path towards tomorrow! And that's Tengen Toppa! That's Gurren Lagann!
The dude has a photographic memory. Every time he thinks he might forgive you, the image of you smashing his artwork just pops into his head. Not that I've discussed it with him.
The earliest flaglike objects were emblems - an animal or other carved figure - placed atop a pole. Ribbons beneath these insignia served as decoration. The importance of the two was later reversed so that the design of the flag on a piece of cloth (replacing the ribbons) conveyed the message while the finial of the pole became ornamental, either in the form of a sphere or, as the most common alternatives, a spear or (especially in the United States) an eagle.
The earliest known punctuation - credited to Aristophanes of Byzantium (librarian at Alexandria) around 200 BC - was a three-part system of dramatic notation (involving single points at different heights on the line) advising actors when to breathe in preparation for a long bit, or a not-so-long bit, or a relatively short bit. And that's all there was to it.
The Earth is a world, the world is a ball, a ball in a game with no rules at all. And just as I wonder at the beauty of it all, you go and drop it and it breaks and falls.
The enemy is anybody who's going to get you killed, no matter which side he is on.
The equestrian image of the emperor, displaying him as the all-conquering lord of the earth, had been a firmly established tradition ever since Julius Caesar had permitted such a statue of himself to be erected in the Forum Julium.
The equipment needed for stir-frying, sauteing and braising is minimal. Nonstick skillets and heavy-duty woks are especially helpful in keeping fat use to a minimum. Nylon or wooden utensils allow you to stir food vigorously without scratching the pans. Lids prevent spattering and allow foods like chicken pieces to braise or simmer briefly for thorough cooking.
The evidence in the standard history of Qwerty versus Dvorak is flawed and incomplete. First, the claims for the superiority of the Dvorak keyboard are suspect. The most dramatic claims are traceable to Dvorak himself, and the best-documented experiments, as well as recent ergonomic studies, suggest little or no advantage for the Dvorak keyboard.
The evolution of language marked a great leap forward for our species. It boosted our cognitive abilities by webbing us together into larger, more powerful group minds. I believe that another quantum step in human cognition awaits us on the other side of direct linkage of our brains and minds to one another.
The example of painting can teach us not only how to manage our own work, but how to work together. A lot of the great art of the past is the work of multiple hands, though there may only be one name on the wall next to it in the museum.
The explosion would be just the right size to maximize the amount of paperwork your lab would face. If the explosion were smaller, you could potentially cover it up. If it were larger, there would be no one left in the city to submit paperwork to.
The fact is that gossip, rumors, mythmaking, and news stories are not appropriate vehicles for the communication of nuances of truth, those subtle tonalities that are often the truly crucial elements in a causal chain.
The fact that my internal arrangement differs from yours, Doctor, pleases me no end.
The fact that we live at the bottom of a deep gravity well, on the surface of a gas covered planet going around a nuclear fireball 90 million miles away and think this to be normal is obviously some indication of how skewed our perspective tends to be.
The fairy Navi awakens Link from a nightmare in which he witnesses a man in black armor pursuing a young girl on horseback. Navi brings Link to the Great Deku Tree, who is cursed and near death. The Deku Tree tells Link a "wicked man of the desert" cursed him and seeks to conquer the world, and that Link must stop him. Before dying, the Great Deku Tree gives Link the Spiritual Stone of the Forest and sends him to Hyrule Castle to speak with Hyrule's princess.
The famous pipe. How people reproached me for it! And yet, could you stuff my pipe? No, it's just a representation, is it not? So if I had written on my picture 'This is a pipe', I'd have been lying!
The fault lies not with the mob, who demands nonsense, but with those who do not know how to produce anything else.
The feeling of having no power over people and events is generally unbearable to us - when we feel helpless we feel miserable. No one wants less power; everyone wants more. In the world today, however, it is dangerous to seem too power hungry, to be overt with your power moves. We have to seem fair and decent. So we need to be subtle - congenial yet cunning, democratic yet devious.
The firm-foundation theory argues that each investment instrument, be it a common stock or a piece of real estate, has a firm anchor of something called intrinsic value, which can be determined by careful analysis of present conditions and future prospects.
The first crewed US space missions were named for Apollo, the god of archery and prophesy.
The first notes on the clarinet are simply a rising scale, but it is split down the middle: the first half belongs to C-sharp major, the second half to G major. This is an unsettling opening, for several reasons.
The first part of the Rite, which ends with the sweat-inducing crescendo of "Dance of the Earth," is viscerally exciting, even celebratory. Part II is grittier, swaying between languor and violence.
The first rule of Fight Club is: you do not talk about Fight Club.
The first time I made coffee for just myself, I made too much of it, not being used to being the only person there. And I wandered through the house like a little boy lost at the mall, and an astronaut could've seen the hunger in my eyes from space.
The FitnessGram Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal. [beep] A single lap should be completed each time you hear this sound. [ding] Remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark, get ready, start.
The FitnessGram Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal: [beep].
The Flea House regulars were an eclectic mix of successful professionals, lost souls, brilliant misfits, certifiable crazies, inveterate gamblers, and convicted felons.
The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all.
The foibles of politics and the march of time can turn friends into enemies just as easily as the wind changes. Ridiculous, isn't it? Yesterday's ally becomes today's opposition. And this Cold War? Think back... when I was leading the Cobras, America and Russia were fighting together. Now, consider whether America and Russia will still be enemies in the 21st century. Somehow, I doubt it. Enemies change along with the times, the flow of the ages. And we soldiers are forced to play along...
The following year, I left home to live in the school dormitory. My mother said the 12 years she spent raising us felt like an instant, as if it were a fairy tale. She said so happily with eyes fixed on a distant mountain peak. Seeing that smile on her face makes me very happy.
The forum has become one of the most consistent places in her life, like a familiar cafe that exists somehow outside of geography and beyond time zones.
The fourth floor is awful! The DMV, Divorce Filings, Probation Offices, ugh. They put a popcorn machine up there just to brighten things up, but they used the wrong kind of oil and a bunch of people had to get their throats replaced.
The funny thing is, on the outside, I was an honest man, straight as an arrow. I had to come to prison to be a crook.
The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of sixty minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is.
The garbage chute was a wonderful idea! What an incredible smell you've discovered! Let's get out of here!
The gates of Hell are open night and day; smooth the descent and easy is the way.
The general that hearkens to my counsel and acts upon it, will conquer - let such a one be retained in command! The general that hearkens not to my counsel nor acts upon it, will suffer defeat - let such a one be dismissed!
The general who became a slave. The slave who became a gladiator. The gladiator who defied an emperor. Striking story! But now, the people want to know how the story ends. Only a famous death will do. And what could be more glorious than to challenge the Emperor himself in the great arena?
The gentleman cannot be appreciated in small things but is acceptable in great matters. A small man is not acceptable in great matters but can be appreciated in small things.
The gentleman helps others to realize what is good in them; he does not help them to realize what is bad in them. The small man does the opposite.
The gentleman understands what is moral. The small man understands what is profitable.
The girls I like best are ones I never feel much like kidding. Sometimes I think they'd like it if you kidded them - in fact I know they would - but it's hard to get started, once you've known them a pretty long time and never kidded them.
The goal a reader seeks determines the way he reads. The effectiveness with which he reads is determined by the amount of effort and skill he puts into his reading. In general, the rule is: the more effort the better, at least in the case of books that are initially beyond our powers as readers and are therefore capable of raising us from a condition of understanding less to one of understanding more. Finally, the distinction between instruction and discovery (or between aided and unaided discovery) is important because most of us, most of the time, have to read without anyone to help us. Reading, like unaided discovery, is learning from an absent teacher. We can only do that successfully if we know how.
The goal of the true seeker is to become a sage, or superior man. There are certain immutable laws of the universe, which the sage must be in harmony with. Different Ninja sects espouse some laws in particular, according them greater significance than the others. But each law is essential in its own right, and must be considered equal to the rest.
The goal of the true seeker is to become a sage, or superior man. There are certain immutable laws of the universe, which the sage must be in harmony with. Different Ninja sects espouse some laws in particular, but each law is essential in its own right, and must be considered equal to the rest.
The gods may throw a dice, their minds as cold as ice. And someone way down here loses someone dear. The winner takes it all, the loser has to fall. It's simple and it's plain, why should I complain?
The good news is that your child has a natural desire to do well. Your job as parent is to bring out this quality and cherish it until the day your kids leave home, and then some.
The great edifice of variety and choice that is an American supermarket turns out to rest on a remarkably narrow biological foundation comprised of a tiny group of plants that is dominated by a single species: Zea mays, the giant tropical grass most Americans know as corn.
The great ideas of Xerox PARC which were turned into a great product by Apple are going to make Bill Gates even richer - why? Well he was smart. He was persistent. He took advantage of opportunities missed by others and he made clever decisions when his competitors were making stupid ones.
The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge.
The Greeks and the Romans provided a model of democracy, which I don't need to tell you the framers of our own Constitution used as their inspiration. But more to the point I would think when the boys read Plato, Aristotle, Cicero, Julius Caesar even, they're put in direct contact with men who in their own age exemplified the highest standards of statesmanship, of civic virtue, character, conviction.
The green eyes, you're the one that I wanted to find and anyone who tried to deny you, must be out of their mind.
The growing concern for the continued survival of the Islamic ummah in a world increasingly dominated by Europe also found expression in the urban milieu of high Islam. Here, as in the tribal response, the emphasis was on the need for Muslims to acquire a proper understanding of the original principles of Islam so as to recover the spirit of solidarity and piety that had brought such triumph to the Prophet and his successors.
The Guru of Time gave me this sapling, but is there any place for it in this desolate new world? What shall I do? Burn it, it's just trash. Plant it, with hope. You're right, it has no place here. All right, I'll take good care of it. Who knows? Maybe someday it will save our environment. This mysterious sapling. Maybe someday it will help change our environment?
The hallway is luxurious and tasteful. Tapestries and paintings of old relatives that Alice doesn't recognize adorn the walls. But this isn't a quaint old house. There's something in the air.
The hand that mocked them and the heart that fed. And on the pedestal these words appear: 'My name is Ozymandias, king of kings: Look on my works, ye Mighty, and despair!' Nothing beside remains. Round the decay of that colossal wreck, boundless and bare the lone and level sands stretch far away.
The hard part for us avant-garde post-modern artists is deciding whether or not to embrace commercialism. Do we allow our work to be hyped and exploited by a market that's simply hungry for the next new thing? Do we participate in a system that turns high art into low art so it's better suited for mass consumption? Of course, when an artist goes commercial, he makes a mockery of his status as an outsider and free thinker. He buys into the crass and shallow values art should transcend. He trades the integrity of his art for riches and fame. Oh, what the heck. I'll do it.
The hectic speed, and the brevity of the lines in the thread, plus the feeling that everyone is talking at once, at counter-purposes, deter her.
The higher a man stands on the social ladder, the greater the number of people he is connected with, the more power he has over other people, the more obvious is the predestination and inevitability of his every action.
The hills are alive with the sound of music, with songs they have sung for a thousand years. The hills fill my heart with the sound of music. My heart wants to sing every song it hears.
The history of all hitherto existing society is the history of class struggles. Freeman and slave, patrician and plebeian, lord and serf, guildmaster and journeyman, in a word, oppressor and oppressed, stood in constant opposition to one another, carried on an uninterrupted, now hidden, now open fight, that each time ended, either in the revolutionary reconstitution of society at large, or in the common ruin of the contending classes.
The hottest places in hell are reserved for those who, in times of great moral crisis, maintain their neutrality.
The human whose name is written in this note shall die.
The human whose name is written in this note shall die. This note will not take effect unless the writer has the person's face in their mind when writing his/her name. Therefore, people sharing the same name will not be affected.
The idea behind each one was we took a film that we like and made the title stupider. And then made a new film to reflect the new stupid title. It's a formula that only produces horrible films, but for some reason we kept using it.
The idea of "Mr. Right" has been passed down over the generations that for every woman there is the perfect man for her. I laugh at the whole notion and you should too. Here's why: The concept of a perfect match, one that requires no efforts on your part, creates unreasonable expectations that force a disparity between "ideal" and "reality" that always leads to disappointment.
The idea of having nations and governments is as foolish as keeping the human and spirit realms separate. You've had to deal with a moronic president and a tyrannical queen. Don't you think the world would be better off if leaders like them were eliminated?
The idea that he did not really have control over the coming event was comforting for a moment, for it relieved him of the responsibility for making the decision himself - at least for a time.
The ideas of economists and political philosophers, both when they are right and when they are wrong, are more powerful than is commonly understood. Indeed the world is ruled by little else. Practical men, who believe themselves to be quite exempt from any intellectual influence, are usually the slaves of some defunct economist. Madmen in authority, who hear voices in the air, are distilling their frenzy from some academic scribbler of a few years back. I am sure that the power of vested interests is vastly exaggerated compared with the gradual encroachment of ideas.
The important thing, I think, is not to be bitter. You know, if it turns out that there is a God, I don't think that he's evil. I think that the worst you can say about him is basically he's an underachiever. After all, you know, there are worse things in life than death. If you've ever spent an evening with an insurance salesman, you know exactly what I mean. The key here is to not think of death as an end, but think of it more as a very effective way of cutting down on your expenses.
The inability to envision a certain kind of person doing a certain kind of thing because you've never seen someone who looks like him do it before is not just a vice. It's a luxury. What begins as a failure of the imagination ends as a market inefficiency: when you rule out an entire class of people from doing a job simply by their appearance, you are less likely to find the best person for the job.
The Inca believed that if one did not give thanks and obedience to the gods, bad things would happen. The world of the Andes Mountains is full of ecological wonders - and ecological disasters such as earthquakes, severe storms, and volcanic activity.
The increase of disorder or entropy is what distinguishes the past from the future, giving a direction to time.
The inguinal triangle (Hesselbach's triangle) is the area bounded laterally by the inferior epigastric vessels, medially by the lateral border of rectus abdominis and below by the inguinal ligament.
The inner surface of the cell wall touches the cytoplasmic membrane. The cytoplasmic membrane contains proteins that span the lipid bilayer. The bacterial cytoplasmic membrane (unlike that of animals) has no cholesterol or other sterols.
The intelligent person is able to identify a problem and find its optimum solution. Hence, intelligence is effectiveness.
The interior locks in an office suite are usually low-end; just there to keep white-collar workers from stealing coffee cups. File cabinet locking bars on the other hand are a more serious security measure. Their main vulnerability is that they depend on people's faith in padlocks. People have too much faith in padlocks.
The intertrochanteric line is at the junction of the neck and shaft on the anterior surface; the intertrochanteric crest is in a similar position on the posterior surface.
The invention and general use of totally new terms, or coinage, is not very common in English. Typical sources are trade names for commercial products that become general terms (usually without capital letters) for any version of that product. Older examples are aspirin, nylon, vaseline and zipper; more recent examples are granola, kleenex, teflon and xerox.
The invention of the wheel represented a major turning point in human civilization. Besides its use in transportation, the wheel went on to become the basic principle behind almost every mechanical device.
The invention of the wheel represented a major turning point in human civilization. The first wheels, disks carved from solid wood, may have been built as early as 3500 BC. The earliest use of this device was the potter's wheel, used to spin and shape clay pottery.
The Jian, also known as "the bird that shares wings," only possesses one wing. Unless a male and female pair lean on each other and act as one, they're incapable of flight. They're imperfect, incomplete creatures. But, for some reason, their way of life struck me as profoundly beautiful.
The Jinmoti of Bozlen Two kill the hereditary ritual assassins of the new Yearking's immediate family by drowning them in the tears of the Continental Empathaur in its Sadness Season.
The journey to greatness starts with looking inside ourselves. I define greatness as the intersection of passion, purpose and potential. It is that place where you are radically passionate about what you're doing, you are naturally gifted to do that thing, and you are using that passion and those gifts to solve problems and serve others. Living in the center of your point of greatness allows your best and highest possible contribution to our world.
The key goals in user-interface design are increase in speed of learning and in speed of use, reduction of error rate, encouragement of rapid recall of how to use the interface, and increase in attractiveness to potential users and buyers.
The key to faking out the parents is the clammy hands. It's a good non-specific symptom, I'm a big believer in it. A lot of people will tell you to go for a phony fever, but if you get a nervous mother, you could wind up in a doctor's office. You fake a stomach cramp, when you're bent over wailing, you lick your palms. It's childish and stupid, but then, so is high school.
The key to investing is not how much an industry will affect society or even how much it will grow, but rather its ability to make and sustain profits.
The label doesn't mention that that rib-eye steak came from a steer born in South Dakota and fattened in a Kansas feedlot on grain grown in Iowa.
The labyrinth is buried deep in the temporal bone and consists of the two otolith organs - the utricle and saccule - and three semicircular canals. The elaborate architecture of these components explains why this part of the vestibular system is called the labyrinth.
The Lady of the Lake, her arm clad in the purest shimmering samite held aloft Excalibur from the bosom of the water, signifying by divine providence that I, Arthur, was to carry Excalibur. That is why I am your king.
The largest piece of our nutrition puzzle belongs to carbohydrates. These macronutrients are the most abundant compounds on Earth, forming the grass under your feet and the trees that fill the sky. They should constitute most of the foods you eat.
The laser hits its mark with certain aim, and as the Death Star arms to strike the base, the chain reaction sets the orb aflame: The Death Star hath exploded into space.
The last thing he said to me, "Doc," he said, "some time when the crew is up against it, and the breaks are beating the boys, tell them to get out there and give it all they got and win just one for the Zipper. I don't know where I'll be then, Doc," he said, "but I won't smell too good, that's for sure."
The lateral pterygoid plate has both pterygoid muscles attached to it: medial and lateral muscles from the medial and lateral surfaces, respectively.
The latest wave of globalization strongly challenges the institutionalized ideology of nation-states as separate worlds. More and more people have become aware that their lives are strongly affected by forces that are operating on a global scale - global markets for goods, money, and securities; global transportation and communications flows; global environmental issues; and global inequalities and issues of justice.
The law is the true embodiment of everything that's excellent. It has no kind of fault or flaw, and I, my Lords, embody the law.
The less you do with the controls, the less chance of error. Steer, shift, and use the pedals smoothly, and with finesse - not with blinding speed and brute force. The slower you move, the faster the car moves.
The less you do with the controls, the less chance of error. The slower you move, the faster the car moves.
The lessons of market history are clear. Styles and fashions in investors' evaluations of securities can and often do play a critical role in the pricing of securities. The stock market at times conforms well to the castle-in-the-air theory. For this reason, the game of investing can be extremely dangerous.
The letter she left was one line long. "Goodbye forever I'm gone". It was sitting on a table in a room in a red brick box that we used to call our home.
The life of everyone on board depends upon just one thing: finding someone back there who can not only fly this plane, but who didn't have fish for dinner.
The life pods are launching. We should hurry. The Covenant are destroying the life pods. Warning: blast doors closing. We have to use the ship's maintenance access ways. Follow the navpoint, it will lead you to an opening.
The light and the dark the big and the small. Just keep in mind you need no more at all. You've seen what you were and know what you'll be. You've seen it all, there is no more to see.
The Light lives in all places. In all things. You can block it. Even try to trap it. But the Light will always find its way.
The lines left by youth deepen and become more conspicuous in age, and one can generally read the story of the three first decades in the faces of older people. Mrs. Dorriman, suffering in her youth from injustice and a want of affection, bore the marks of both; nothing but her real sweetness of temper had saved her from peevishness, for fretfulness is as much the result of perpetual repression in one feeble by nature, as violence and anger is the outcome of an unchecked temper in youth.
The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want for nothing. He makes me lie down in the green pastures. He greases up my head with oil. He gives me kung-fu in the face of my enemies. Amen.
The machinery in these canyons are Halo's primary firing mechanisms. They consist of three phase pulse generators that amplify Halo's signal and allow it to fire deep into space. The power levels are enormous I can't even begin to calculate the pulse's range.
The main thing to do is pay attention. Pay close attention to everything, notice what no one else notices. Then you'll know what no one else knows, and that's always useful.
The major difference between a thing that might go wrong and a thing that cannot possibly go wrong is that when a thing that cannot possibly go wrong goes wrong it usually turns out to be impossible to get at or repair.
The majority of persons with schizophrenia have residual disabilities, such as thinking disorders and auditory hallucinations, that are sufficiently severe that full-time employment is impossible. Many can do part-time jobs, however.
The man that I named The Giver passed along to the boy knowledge, history, memories, color, pain, laughter, love, and truth. Every time you place a book in the hands of a child, you do the same thing. It is very risky. But each time a child opens a book, he pushes open the gate that separates him from Elsewhere. It gives him choices. It gives him freedom. Those are magnificent, wonderfully unsafe things.
The man who let himself in was the first person ever invited by Mrs. Rumfoord to a materialization. He was not a great scientist. He was not even well-educated. He had been thrown out of the University of Virginia in the middle of his freshman year. He was Malachi Constant of Hollywood, California, the richest American - and a notorious rakehell.
The man who lies to himself and listens to his own lie comes to a point that he cannot distinguish the truth within him, or around him, and so loses all respect for himself and for others.
The man who lies to himself and listens to his own lie comes to such a pass that he cannot distinguish the truth within him, or around him, and so loses all respect for himself and for others. And having no respect he ceases to love, and in order to occupy and distract himself without love he gives way to passions and coarse pleasures, and sinks to bestiality in his vices, all from continual lying to other men and to himself.
The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword. If you would take a man's life, you owe it to him to look into his eyes and hear his final words. And if you cannot bear to do that, then perhaps the man does not deserve to die.
The man who pulls the lever that breaks your neck will be a dispassionate man, and that dispassion is the very essence of justice. For justice delivered without dispassion is always in danger of not being justice.
The man who reviews his own life, as I do mine, in going on here, from page to page, had need to have been a good man indeed, if he would be spared the sharp consciousness of many talents neglected, many opportunities wasted, many erratic and perverted feelings constantly at war within his breast, and defeating him.
The man wrote the best books of his generation. And he was a pioneer of the civil rights and the anti-war movement. I mean, he made the cover of Newsweek. He knew everybody. He did everything. And he helped shape his time. I mean, the guy hung out with The Beatles! But in the end, it wasn't enough. What he missed was baseball.
The mark of the immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while the mark of the mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one.
The mask salesman said that if you got back the precious thing that was stolen from you, he could return you to normal! Did you completely forget or what?
The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation. What is called resignation is confirmed desperation. From the desperate city you go into the desperate country, and have to console yourself with the bravery of minks and muskrats. A stereotyped but unconscious despair is concealed even under what are called the games and amusements of mankind. There is no play in them, for this comes after work. But it is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.
The math is compelling. Most of the people in the world are not your customers. They haven't even heard of you actually.
The math is compelling. Most of the people in the world are not your customers. They haven't even heard of you actually. And while many of these people are not qualified buyers or aren't interested in buying your product, many of them might be - if only they knew you existed, if they could be convinced that your offering is worth paying for.
The Matrix is everywhere. It is all around us. Even now, in this very room. You can see it when you look out your window, or when you turn on your television.
The matter between the stars is collectively termed the interstellar medium. It is made up of two components - gas and dust - intermixed throughout all of space. The gas is made up mainly of individual atoms and small molecules. The dust consists of clumps of atoms and molecules - not unlike the microscopic particles that make up smoke or soot.
The melted mozzarella layer, which we shall designate MML, is the obvious source of trauma to the roof of the mouth and from the point of view of medical physics is clearly the key agent in the etiology of pizza burn.
The men in the room suddenly realized that they didn't want to know her better. She was beautiful, but she was beautiful in the way a forest fire was beautiful: something to be admired from a distance, not up close.
The Mercury program was over. Four years later, astronaut Gus Grissom was killed, along with astronauts White and Chaffee, when fire swept through their Apollo capsule. But on that glorious day in May 1963, Gordo Cooper went higher, farther, and faster than any other American. Twenty-two complete orbits around the world, he was the last American ever to go into space alone. And for a brief moment, Gordo Cooper became the greatest pilot anyone had ever seen.
The Mexican embassy on Washington, DC's Pennsylvania Avenue was unusually busy in winter 1934-35. Telegraphs chattered and telephones rang, typewriters rhythmically punctuated the din, and clerks and attaches rushed - even more frantically than usual - through the halls on their business.
The midnight gang's assembled and picked a rendezvous for the night. They'll meet 'neath that giant Exxon sign that brings this fair city light. Man, there's an opera out on the Turnpike, there's a ballet being fought out in the alley, until the local cops, Cherry-Tops, rips this holy night. The street's alive as secret debts are paid, contacts made, they flash unseen. Kids flash guitars just like switchblades hustling for the record machine. The hungry and the hunted explode into rock 'n' roll bands. That face off against each other out in the street down in Jungleland.
The milk and cheese and yogurt, which once came from dairy cows that grazed on grass, now typically come from cows that spend their working lives indoors tethered to machines, eating corn.
The mind which is created quick to love, is responsive to everything that is pleasing, soon as by pleasure it is awakened into activity. Your apprehensive faculty draws an impression from a real object, and unfolds it within you, so that it makes the mind turn thereto. And if, being turned, it inclines towards it, that inclination is love; that is nature, which through pleasure is bound anew within you.
The Minipirates had little iron hooks instead of hands and wooden stumps instead of proper legs, nor did I ever see one without an eyepatch. At first I thought they'd been wounded during their reckless attempts to board a prize, but I later learned that they were born that way, complete with hats and moustaches.
The moment one constructs a device to carry into practice a crude idea, he finds himself unavoidably engrossed with the details and defects of the apparatus. As he goes on improving and reconstructing, his force of concentration diminishes and he loses sight of the great underlying principle. Results may be obtained but always at the sacrifice of quality. My method is different. I do not rush into actual work. When I get an idea, I start at once building it up in my imagination. I change the construction, make improvements and operate the device in my mind. It is absolutely immaterial to me whether I run my turbine in thought or test it in my shop.
The moments that define lives aren't always obvious. They don't scream LEDGE, and nine times out of ten there's no rope to duck under, no line to cross, no blood pact, no official letter on fancy paper. They aren't always protracted, heavy with meaning. Between one sip and the next, Victor made the biggest mistake of his life, and it was made of nothing more than one line. Three small words. "I'll go first."
The Mona Lisa has been stolen and vandalized on a number of occasions, and it once even went missing for two years. Now it sits safely at the Louvre Museum in Paris, France.
The more stupid one is, the closer one is to reality. The more stupid one is, the clearer one is. Stupidity is brief and artless, while intelligence squirms and hides itself. Intelligence is unprincipled, but stupidity is honest and straightforward.
The more things change, the more they stay the same. I'm not sure who the first person was who said that. Probably Shakespeare. Or maybe Sting. But at the moment, it's the sentence that best explains my tragic flaw: my inability to change. I don't think I'm alone in this. The more I get to know other people, the more I realize it's kind of everyone's flaw. Staying exactly the same for as long as possible, standing perfectly still... it feels safer somehow.
The more you see the less you know, the less you find out as you grow. I knew much more then than I do now.
The morning sun in all its glory greets the day with hope and comfort too. And you fill my life with laughter, you can make it better.
The morning sun, when it's in your face, really shows your age. But that don't worry me none in my eyes, you're everything.
The most merciful thing in the world, I think, is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents. We live on a placid island of ignorance in the midst of black seas of infinity, and it was not meant that we should voyage far.
The most precious treasures we have in life are the images we store in the memory banks of our brains. The sum of these stored experiences is responsible for our sense of personal identity and our sense of connectedness to those around us.
The mother was gravely injured. Her only choice was to entrust the child to the Deku Tree, the guardian spirit of the forest. The Deku Tree could sense that this was a child of destiny, whose fate would affect the entire world, so he took him into the forest.
The Moulin Rouge. A night club, a dance hall and a bordello. Ruled over by Harold Zidler. A kingdom of night time pleasures, where the rich and powerful came to play with the young and beautiful creatures of the underworld. The most beautiful of these was the one I loved. Satine.
The movements which work revolutions in the world are born out of the dreams and visions in a peasant's heart on the hillside.
The mystery of human existence lies not in just staying alive, but in finding something to live for.
The naked cannot clothe the poor in spirit with oxygen, and the wine I tasted reminded me of the night she took advantage of my advances rather than the blood sacrifice that I can make a better decision.
The National Rifle Association says that, "Guns don't kill people, uh, people do." But I think, I think the gun helps. You know? I think it helps. I just think just standing there going, "Bang!" That's not going to kill too many people, is it? You'd have to be really dodgy on the heart to have that.
The noise was terrible. Every time a mortar went off, I jumped. I couldn't help myself. The noise went into you. It touched parts of you that were small and frightened and wanting your mommy.
The number of servings per day that is right for you depends on the amount of calories you need to maintain your best weight. The USDA recommends the following calorie levels per day: 1600 calories for many sedentary women and some older adults; 2200 calories for most children, teenage girls, active women and many sedentary men; and 2800 calories for teenage boys, many active men and some very active women.
The number one challenge I've seen with myself and with other teen entrepreneurs is that they get too caught up in the idea that teen entrepreneurs are supposed to be cut some slack for what they do. That mindset undermines your potential.
The object of this massive tribute died as he had always lived - a private man without wealth, without property, without official title or office. Mahatma Gandhi was not a commander of great armies nor ruler of vast lands. He could boast no scientific achievements or artistic gift. Yet men, governments and dignitaries from all over the world have joined hands today to pay homage to this little brown man in the loincloth who led his country to freedom.
The observed brightness of a Lambertian surface may be written as the product of an albedo factor, p, and the cosine of the incident angle, cos i. This means that brightness can be written as a product of a term that depends on the material, p, and a term that depends on surface direction, which in turn depends on f and g.
The odds are that you will generally meet the worst of them. The reason is that men who have something going for them in their lives, men who passionately live life with a purpose, are usually too busy living their dreams to hang out "trolling for chicks."
The old gnome tells you that he has something that may be very useful to you. Your task is to guess his name in three guesses and his gift will be yours. Good luck! What is your first guess? Sir Graham: Ifnkovhgroghprm Ifnkovhgroghprm: That's right!!! You've guessed it!! Here are some magic beans for your outstanding accomplishment!
The old man told us to go back to other parts of the yard, but there was no more real work done that afternoon. Stranded in this mill town railroad yard while the whole world was converging elsewhere, we seemed to be nothing but children playing among heroic men.
The old sea captain, not surprisingly, was an excellent witness. He had observed closely and recalled details. He estimated that the boat was sixty or seventy feet long.
The one constant through all the years, Ray, has been baseball. America has rolled by like an army of steamrollers. It has been erased like a blackboard, rebuilt, and erased again. But baseball has marked the time. This field, this game: it's a part of our past, Ray. It reminds us of all that once was good, and it could be again. Oh... people will come, Ray. People will most definitely come.
The one place where a man ought to get a square deal is in a courtroom, be he any color of the rainbow, but people have a way of carrying their resentments right into a jury box. As you grow older, you'll see white men cheat black men every day of your life, but let me tell you something and don't you forget it - whenever a white man does that to a black man, no matter who he is, how rich he is, or how fine a family he comes from, that white man is trash.
The one place where a man ought to get a square deal is in a courtroom, be he any color of the rainbow, but people have a way of carrying their resentments right into a jury box. As you grow older, you'll see white men cheat black men every day of your life, but let me tell you something and don't you forget it - whenever a white man does that to a black man, no matter who he is, how rich he is, or how fine a family he comes from, that white man is trash.
The only message I got was from the company that holds my student loan, Sallie Mae. Sallie Mae sounds like a naive and barefoot hillbilly girl but in fact they are a ruthless and aggressive conglomeration of bullies located in a tall brick building somewhere in Kansas.
The only message I got was from the company that holds my student loan, Sallie Mae. Sallie Mae sounds like a naive and barefoot hillbilly girl but in fact they are a ruthless and aggressive conglomeration of bullies located in a tall brick building somewhere in Kansas. I picture it to be the tallest building in that state and I have decided they hire their employees straight out of prison.
The only ones who should kill are those prepared to be killed.
The only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn, like fabulous yellow Roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars, and in the middle, you see the blue center-light pop, and everybody goes ahh...
The only preventive thing I do is wash clothes after buying them in a thrift shop - this after catching crabs from a pair of used pants. I was in my midtwenties at the time and probably would have itched myself all the way to the bone had a friend not taken me to a drugstore.
The only problem with the treatment was that it worked too well. You became unable to express any anger at all. From that point on, any time you felt angry, you could only respond with a string of nonsensical jabbering.
The only thing that burns in hell is the part of you that won't let go of your life: your memories, your attachments. They burn them all away, but they're not punishing you, they're freeing your soul. If you're frightened of dying and you're holding on, you'll see devils tearing your life away. If you've made your peace, then the devils are really angels freeing you from the earth.
The only thing that matters is just following your heart, and eventually you'll finally get it right.
The only thing we had in common was that she was from Iowa, and I had once heard of Iowa.
The only thing we try to do here is show you how to make effects, how to create certain illusions, and then you do with it whatever you want. We each see nature through different eyes, so you paint the way you see it, and then it's right. And the only rule that I respect in art is: if it makes you happy, then it's good. You do what makes you happy. You paint scenes the way you see 'em, and that's when you really experience the joy of painting.
The oracles of God foretold the rising of an Antichrist in the Christian Church: and in the Pope of Rome, all the characteristics of that Antichrist are so marvelously answered that if any who read the Scriptures do not see it, there is a marvelous blindness upon them.
The Orient was almost a European invention, and had been since antiquity a place of romance, exotic beings, haunting memories and landscapes, remarkable experiences. Now it was disappearing; in a sense it had happened, its time was over.
The other night I dreamt of knives, continental drift divide. Mountains sit in a line, Leonard Bernstein, Leonid Brezhnev, Lenny Bruce, and Lester Bangs. Birthday party, cheesecake, jellybean, boom. You symbiotic, patriotic, slam book neck, right? Right.
The other night, dear, as I lay sleeping, I dreamed I held you in my arms. But when I awoke, dear, I was mistaken, so I hung my head and cried. You are my sunshine, my only sunshine. You make me happy when skies are grey. You'll never know, dear, how much I love you. Please don't take my sunshine away. I'll always love you and make you happy if you will only say the same. But if you leave me to love another, you'll regret it all some day.
The others standing round felt a thrill of horror at this disclosure of outrages unknown to them. 'I have a further charge to bring,' said Lord de Winter. 'My brother, who made this woman his sole heir in his will, died within three hours of signing it of some mysterious illness, which left purple marks all over his body. Confess, Clarice, how did my brother die?' 'How vile!' cried Porthos and Aramis. Lord de Winter continued: 'This woman murdered Buckingham, she murdered Felton, she murdered my brother. I demand redress against her and declare that if I don't get it from you here I shall take action on my own.' Lord de Winter now took his place beside d'Artagnan, Porthos, and Aramis, leaving room for the next accuser to step forward and bring his charge.
The paint and paper look as if a boys' school had used it. It is stripped off - the paper - in great patches all around the head of my bed, about as far as I can reach, and in a great place on the other side of the room low down. I never saw a worse paper in my life. One of those sprawling flamboyant patterns committing every artistic sin.
The painter will produce pictures of little merit if he takes the works of others as his standard; but if he will apply himself to learn from the objects of nature he will produce good results.
The paraphrase of Goedel's Theorem says that for any record player, there are records which it cannot play because they will cause its indirect self-destruction.
The passage of time in prisons is not in a cell of brick and mortar but in one of hopes dashed and tragedies unaverted. How precious, then, the chance to go back only to discover that in facing the past you must face up to yourself, that exiting the prison of time doesn't free you from the prison of your own character, one from which there is no escape.
The past is always with us. Where we come from, what we go through, how we go through it; all this matters. Like at the end of the book, ya know, boats and tides and all. It's like you can change up, right, you can say you're somebody new, you can give yourself a whole new story.
The past is history, future is a mystery, now is a gift, that's why they call it the present.
The pathology of setting a deadline to the earliest articulable date essentially guarantees that the schedule will be missed. Even the strategy of picking the "most likely date" is not particularly safe, as the area to the left of the peak of the curve is barely a third. That says there is a two-thirds chance of missing the deadline.
The Peacocks are not dancing so it will not rain. The Peacocks are not dancing so it will not rain? Have you been smoking Ganja?
The pickpockets' profession demands extraordinary nimbleness and agility, a terrific certainty of movement, not to mention a ready wit, a talent for observation and strained attention.
The pie maker considered how not telling Chuck the truth about her father was a lot like being locked in a prison. Then he considered how being locked in a prison was actually much worse than some silly metaphor about truth.
The Pied Piper, he thought. He and Katherine had a book of fairy tales when they were little. She had loved it, but he had hated it, because of one illustration that frightened him: the one of the Pied Piper leading the children of Hamelin to their doom. In the picture the children were skipping and laughing and dancing to the piper's tune, but Jonah knew what was going to happen to them. He couldn't stand for them to be so happy when they ought to be scared.
The pig-run kept close to the jumble of rocks that lay down by the water on the other side and Ralph was content to follow Jack along it. If you could shut your ears to the slow suck down of the sea and boil of the return, if you could forget how dun and unvisited were the ferny coverts on either side, then there was a chance that you might put the beast out of mind and dream for a while. The sun had swung over the vertical and the afternoon heat was closing in on the island. Ralph passed a message forward to Jack and when they next came to fruit the whole party stopped and ate.
The place is like a museum. It's very beautiful and very cold and you're not allowed to touch anything.
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands, and then to work outward from there. Other people can talk about how to expand the destiny of mankind. I just want to talk about how to fix a motorcycle. I think that what I have to say has more lasting value.
The place where you now stand was the Golden Land, but evil power turned it into the Dark World. The wizard has broken the wise men's seal and opened a gate to link the worlds at Hyrule Castle. In order to save this half of the world, the Light World, you must win back the Golden Power. You must also rescue the seven maidens who Agahnim sent to the Dark World. As members of the blood-line of the seven wise men, they have power that will surely help you. The maidens are locked in hidden dungeons full of evil creatures and dangerous traps. The Palace of Darkness should be your first goal in this world! Link, I can rely on only you. Please make this old man's wishes come true. I beg you!
The pleasure of remembering had been taken from me, because there was no longer anyone to remember with. It felt like losing your co-rememberer meant losing the memory itself, as if the things we'd done were less real and important than they had been hours before.
The pleasure of rooting for Goliath is that you can expect to win. The pleasure of rooting for David is that, while you don't know what to expect, you stand at least a chance of being inspired.
The poet, the artist, the sleuth - whoever sharpens our perception tends to be antisocial; rarely "well-adjusted," he cannot go along with currents and trends. A strange bond often exists between antisocial types in their power to see environments as they really are. This need to interface, to confront environments with a certain antisocial power is manifest in the famous story "The Emperor's New Clothes".
The point is I intend to undertake this. And I'll do it with or without you. So if you're scared, if you haven't got the stomach for this, let's get it out right now!
The point is that if you are a little different, or a little outrageous, or if you do things that are bold or controversial, the press is going to write about you.
The point is that the firm-foundation theory relies on some tricky forecasts of the extent and duration of future growth. The foundation of intrinsic value may thus be less dependable than is claimed.
The point is you've got to get to know each other better if you're going to take a big step like this. You gotta get past this early infatuation and get to the point where you're sick and tired of each other; then you're ready for marriage. Look at Diane and me, we waited five years to get married. If it were up to me we'd wait another five.
The poor and the middle class work for money. The rich have money work for them.
The poor man determined to find another home, hoping that when they no longer met every day his enemy would forget all about him.
The portly client puffed out his chest with an appearance of some little pride and pulled a dirty and wrinkled newspaper from the inside pocket of his greatcoat. As he glanced down the advertisement column, with his head thrust forward and the paper flattened out upon his knee, I took a good look at the man and endeavoured, after the fashion of my companion, to read the indications which might be presented by his dress or appearance.
The presence of a noble nature, generous in its wishes, ardent in its charity, changes the lights for us: we begin to see things again in their larger, quieter masses, and to believe that we too can be seen and judged in the wholeness of our character.
The present is eternally flawed. But where you start might not be as important as the direction you are heading. Perhaps happiness is always to be found in the journey uphill, and not in the fleeting sense of satisfaction awaiting at the next peak. Much of happiness is hope, no matter how deep the underworld in which that hope was conceived.
The problem is, though, after the concert's over, no matter how great the show was, you girls are always looking for the comedian again, y'know? I mean, we're in the car, we're fighting traffic... basically just trying to stay awake.
The problem is, Willie, is that Charles and yourself are not the quickest of cats at the best of times. So just do as I say and keep the cage locked!
The problem was the industry wasn't measured by who has the best-selling personal computer or who has the most innovative technology. The industry was measured by who had the most open system that was adopted by the most other companies and the Microsoft strategy ultimately turned out to be the better business strategy.
The problem we now face is that this thin layer of atmosphere is being thickened by huge quantities of human-caused carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases. And as it thickens, it traps a lot of the infrared radiation that would otherwise escape the atmosphere and continue out to the universe.
The problem we now face is that this thin layer of atmosphere is being thickened by huge quantities of human-caused carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases. And as it thickens, it traps a lot of the infrared radiation that would otherwise escape the atmosphere and continue out to the universe. As a result, the temperature of the Earth's atmosphere and oceans is getting dangerously warmer.
The problem with Microsoft is they just have no taste. They have absolutely no taste, and what that means is, and I don't mean that in a small way, I mean that in a big way.
The procedure for dealing with rigid body kinetics problems involves two distinct aspects: tracking the translation of the body's center of mass, where the body is treated as a particle, and tracking the body's rotation, in which you'll utilize the principles of local coordinates and relative angular velocity and acceleration.
The process of determining what pixels should be written for a given object is independent of any clipping, or of the write mode for the pixel-drawing operation. It does depend, however, on attributes that alter the object's shape, and on our criteria for pixel selection.
The proper purpose of law is to use the power of its collective force to stop this fatal tendency to plunder instead of to work. All the measures of the law should protect property and punish plunder. But, generally, the law is made by one man or one class of men. And since law cannot operate without the sanction and support of a dominating force, this force must be entrusted to those who make the laws.
The prosecution will wait... I'm not finished eating.
The Protein Digestibility-Corrected Amino Acid Scoring (PDCAAS) was developed. The PDCAAS is based on several factors: a food protein's profile of essential amino acids; the digestibility of the protein; and the protein's ability to supply essential amino acids in the amounts needed to meet the requirements of growing human beings.
The Protozoa, or one-celled animals, belonged to an unknown world before the invention of the microscope. The first of these instruments enabled the early observers to see some of the larger and more conspicuous members of the group and each improvement of the microscope has enabled us to see more and more of them and to study in detail not only the structure but to follow the life-history of many of them.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
The rain fell slow, down on all the roofs of uncertainty. I thought of you, and the years and all the sadness fell away from me. And did you know... I never thought that you'd lose the light in your eyes?
The rate of progress is so rapid that what one learns at school or university is always a bit out of date. Only a few people can keep up with the rapidly advancing frontier of knowledge, and they have to devote their whole time to it and specialize in a small area. The rest of the population has little idea of the advances that are being made or the excitement they are generating.
The real difficulty in Bach's music lies not in choosing the tempo but in maintaining it. No one who knows the scores of the cantatas can doubt that Bach demands great elasticity in the tempo - the unity of which, however, must not be impaired. If the hearer perceives the nuances too early, he at once gets an impression of unsteadiness and a lack of rhythm.
The real evil is the power to kill people. Someone who finds himself with that power is cursed. No matter how you use it, anything obtained by killing people can never bring true happiness.
The really important kind of freedom involves attention, and awareness, and discipline, and effort, and being able truly to care about other people and to sacrifice for them, over and over, in myriad petty little unsexy ways, every day.
The reason that most people don't possess these extraordinary physical capabilities isn't because they don't have the capacity for them, but rather because they're satisfied to live in the comfortable rut of homeostasis and never do the work that is required to get out of it. They live in the world of "good enough."
The recipe for turning fruit into wine goes something like this: 1. Pick a large quantity of ripe grapes from grapevines (you could substitute raspberries or any other fruit, but 99.9 percent of all the wine in the world is made from grapes, because they make the best wines). 2. Put the grapes into a clean container that doesn't leak. 3. Crush the grapes somehow to release their juice. (Once upon a time, feet performed this step.) 4. Wait.
The red one is plutonium-239. 10,000,000th of a gram causes cancer. The yellow one is strontium-90. It gets inside you and causes leukemia. The purple one is cesium-137. It affects reproduction. It causes mutations. It makes monstrosities. Man's stupidity is unbelievable. Radioactivity was invisible, and because of its danger, they colored it. But that only lets you know which kind kills you.
The rest of my attention is back at the offices of Facebook, where my colleagues and I are doing things that no one in this room, including and especially your clients, are intellectually or creatively capable of doing.
The result has been the emergence of what some call the "winner-take-all" economy, in which a rising tide doesn't necessarily lift all boats. Over the past decade, we've seen strong economic growth but anemic job growth; big leaps in productivity but flat-lining wages; hefty corporate profits, but a shrinking share of these profits going to workers.
The right man in the wrong place can make all the difference in the world. So, wake up, Mister Freeman. Wake up and... smell the ashes...
The right understanding of any matter and a misunderstanding of the same matter do not wholly exclude each other.
The rising heat from multiple fires, caused by the heat flash and the blast wave, is sucking in ground-level winds at speeds exceeding a hundred miles an hour. Within its center, the temperature is rising to eight hundred degrees centigrade. This is what is technically known as a firestorm.
The road is long with many a winding turn that leads us to who knows where. But I'm strong, strong enough to carry him. He ain't heavy, he's my brother.
The robins were singing vespers in the high tree-tops, filling the golden air with their jubilant voices. The silver fluting of the frogs came from marshes and ponds, over fields where seeds were beginning to stir with life and thrill to the sunshine and rain that had drifted over them.
The Roman genius, so clearly recognizable in every other sphere of human activity, becomes oddly elusive when we ask whether there was a characteristic Roman style in the fine arts. Why is this so? The most obvious reason is the great admiration the Romans had for Greek art of every period and variety. Not only did they import originals of earlier date - Archaic, Classical, and Hellenistic - by the thousands, and have them copied in even greater numbers; their own production was clearly based on Greek sources, and many of their artists, from Republican times to the end of the Empire, were of Greek origin.
The rooster stared back at me, his power and confidence almost overwhelming. Down below, a female paused warily at the coop's entrance. I kept the camera running. They were beautiful, these "Chickens in the Mist."
The rotten tiles broke with a noise of disaster and the man barely had time to let out a cry of terror as he cracked his skull and was killed outright on the cement floor. The foreigners who heard the noise in the dining room and hastened to remove the body noticed the suffocating odour of Remedios the Beauty on his skin. It was so deep in his body that the cracks in his skull did not give off blood but an amber-coloured oil that was impregnated with that secret perfume, and then they understood that the smell of Remedios the Beauty kept on torturing the men beyond death, right down to the dust of their bones.
The rules of the Hunger Games are simple. In punishment for the uprising, each of the twelve districts must provide one girl and one boy, called tributes, to participate. The twenty-four tributes will be imprisoned in a vast outdoor arena that could hold anything from a burning desert to a frozen wasteland. Over a period of several weeks, the competitors must fight to the death. The last tribute standing wins.
The Savage nodded, frowning. "You got rid of them. Yes, that's just like you. Getting rid of everything unpleasant instead of learning to put up with it. Whether 'tis better in the mind to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, or to take arms against a sea of troubles and by opposing end them... But you don't do either. Neither suffer nor oppose. You just abolish the slings and arrows. It's too easy.
The scientists were always hanging cores on me to regulate my behavior. I've heard voices all my life. But now I hear the voice of a conscience, and it's terrifying, because for the first time it's my voice.
The sea is everything. It covers seven tenths of the terrestrial globe. Its breath is pure and healthy. It is an immense desert, where man is never lonely, for he feels life stirring on all sides. The sea is only the embodiment of a supernatural and wonderful existence. It is nothing but love and emotion; it is the Living Infinite.
The sea was angry that day, my friends - like an old man trying to send back soup in a deli. I got about fifty feet out and suddenly the great beast appeared before me. I tell you he was ten stories high if he was a foot. As if sensing my presence, he let out a great bellow. I said, "Easy, big fella!" And then, as I watched him struggling, I realized that something was obstructing its breathing. From where I was standing, I could see directly into the eye of the great fish.
The seaweed is always greener in somebody else's lake. You dream about going up there, but that is a big mistake. Just look at the world around you right here on the ocean floor. Such wonderful things surround you. What more is you looking for?
The second (s) is the duration of 9192631770 periods of the radiation corresponding to the transition between the two hyperfine levels of the ground state of the cesium-133 atom.
The second component necessary for expressing ourselves is feelings. By developing a vocabulary of feeling that allows us to clearly and specifically name or identify our emotions, we can connect more easily with one another. Allowing ourselves to be vulnerable by expressing our feelings can help resolve conflicts. NVC (Nonviolent Communication) distinguishes the expression of actual feelings from words and statements that describe thoughts, assessments, and interpretations.
The seeds of life - fiery is their force, divine their birth, but they are weighed down by the bodies' ills or dulled by limbs and flesh that's born for death. That is the source of all men's fears and longings, joys and sorrows, nor can they see the heaven's light, shut up in the body's tomb, a prison dark and deep.
The shearers' hut had bark walls and a tin roof. The floors were dirt and there was a long table down the centre of the shed. Three tiers of bunks ran all the way around each wall. Paddy dropped his bedroll onto one of the bunks. After sleeping on the ground for months, a hessian sack filled with chaff felt like heaven.
The sheer quantity of brain power that hurled itself voluntarily and quixotically into the search for new baseball knowledge was either exhilarating or depressing, depending on how you felt about baseball. The same intellectual resources might have cured the common cold, or put a man on Pluto.
The ships hung in the sky in much the same way that bricks don't.
The silvery cylinder burst forth in a fiery column of smoke and flame racing the very wind as it soared into the sky, a messenger of these Rocket Boys of Big Creek. These boys use their brains, not brawn, who play not football but with Apollo's fire.
The simple fact is that if you don't enjoy what you're doing and the people with whom you're doing it, then there is no possible way that you are ever going to do it as well as something you do enjoy. As some wise person once said, 'Life is not a dress rehearsal.' This is it!
The single most important thing you can do to achieve financial security is to begin a regular savings program and to start it as early as possible.
The sky is still blue. The clouds come and go. Yet something is different. Are we falling in love? Don't let yourself be hurt this time.
The Sky People have sent us a message that they can take whatever they want. That no one can stop them. Well, we will send them a message. You ride out as fast as the wind can carry you. You tell the other clans to come. Tell them Toruk Macto calls to them!
The softness and fragility of baby animals caused us the same intense pain.
The sooner your kids appreciate the value of work, the more successful they will be. Work is part of life. You work to earn money, put food on the table, and keep your homes orderly and clean. For your kids, work involves schoolwork, homework, and teamwork at home and in the community.
The spirits burned up in its ominous flame lose their way and wander this world forever.
The spirits it absorbs fuel its baleful fire. It hangs around hospitals waiting for people to pass on.
The spirits that I summoned up I now can't rid myself of.
The spot where we intend to fight must not be made known; for then the enemy will have to prepare against a possible attack at several different points.
The spot where we intend to fight must not be made known; for then the enemy will have to prepare against a possible attack at several different points; and his forces being thus distributed in many directions, the numbers we shall have to face at any given point will be proportionately few.
The spot where we intend to fight must not be made known; for then the enemy will have to prepare against a possible attack at several different points; and his forces being thus distributed in many directions, the numbers we shall have to face at any given point will be proportionately few.
The stars rattled him to the core. All these lights have traveled for tens of millions of years to reach him at this moment. How somewhere far away, our own sun looks just like one of these. How many of the stars no longer even exist, but whose ancient light is just reaching him now? An impression from a ghost, an amazing infinite time machine every night above his head that he's ignored for most of his life. He wants to stop people in the street and say: "Isn't this amazing? Isn't everything amazing?"
The state's role would only be the protection of individual rights and private property. The policy came from a consistent disdain for "Oriental Despotism", from which Indians needed to be emancipated. Despotism was something that distinguished the Oriental state from its European counterpart; but ironically, it was the same logic that provided an "implicit justification" for the "paternalism of the Raj".
The stomp of your foot, on one mouse, could start an earthquake, the effects of which could shake our earth and destinies down through Time, to their very foundations. With the death of that one caveman, a billion others yet unborn are throttled in the womb. Perhaps Rome never rises on its seven hills. Perhaps Europe is forever a dark forest, and only Asia waxes healthy and teeming. Step on a mouse and you crush the Pyramids. Step on a mouse and you leave your print, like a Grand Canyon, across Eternity. Queen Elizabeth might never be born, Washington might not cross the Delaware, there might never be a United States at all. So be careful. Stay on the Path. Never step off!
The story concerns a person named Cinderella. Cinderella was a young person who was placed in the care of various wicked people who teased her and forced her to do all the chores. Eventually, Cinderella was rescued by her fairy godmother, who magically created a special outfit for Cinderella to wear to a ball where she met a handsome prince, married him soon afterward and lived happily ever after in a castle. If you substitute the name "Cinderella" with the name "Sunny Baudelaire" and eliminate the fairy godmother, the special outfit, the ball, the handsome prince, the marriage, and living happily ever after in a castle, you will have a clear idea of Sunny's predicament.
The story of his career shows that Augustus was indeed ruthless, cruel, and ambitious for himself. This was only in part a personal trait, for upper-class Romans were educated to compete with one another and to excel. However, he combined an overriding concern for his personal interests with a deep-seated patriotism, based on a nostalgia of Rome's antique virtues.
The streets looked small, of course. The streets that we have only seen as children always do, I believe, when we go back to them.
The streets were cleared by a Critical Mass bike ride and were flooded by activists dressed in second-hand suits with slogans painted on their backs. They danced in the doorsteps of office towers, formed a human chain around the Treasury and held peaceful sit-ins at several banks.
The study of global social phenomena raises several difficulties that are not commonly encountered when research questions are posed at less comprehensive levels. Problems of arising from aggregation, diffusion, and path dependence, to name three, plague any attempt at answering questions that are posed at a global level. Ultimately, all these problems arise from the fact that there is only one world available for us to study, and when the world itself is the scope of the analysis, additional worlds are not available for validating initial results.
The stuff we call "software" is not like anything that human society is used to thinking about. Software is something like a machine, and something like mathematics, and something like language, and something like thought, and art, and information... But software is not in fact any of those other things.
The sudden US interest in Mexico's program of revolutionary reform was hardly accidental, but rather born from the convergences of an exceptional decade. In the first half of the 1930s, the US and Mexican governments both unveiled bold plans for reconstructing their national political economy, with a primary emphasis on righting rural wrongs.
The sun did not shine. It was too wet to play. So we sat in the house. All that cold, cold, wet day.
The sun during midday will light up the dark night. Night dreams of day. Light dreams of darkness. But the ignorant sun will chase away the darkness... and burn the shadows, eventually burning itself! The shade of the tree with the flowers that bloom at night is where the residents of darkness rest. The people of daytime are not allowed!
The sun lay on the grass and warmed it, and in the shade under the grass the insects moved, ants and ant lions to set traps for them, grasshoppers to jump into the air and flick their yellow wings for a second, sow bugs like little armadillos, plodding restlessly on many tender feet.
The supreme question about a work of art is out of how deep a life does it spring.
The supreme question about a work of art is out of how deep a life does it spring. The painting of Gustave Moreau is the painting of ideas. The deepest poetry of Shelley, the words of Hamlet bring our mind into contact with the eternal wisdom, Plato's world of ideas. All the rest is the speculation of schoolboys for schoolboys.
The surface temperature of a planet depends on two things: the planet's distance from its parent star and the thickness of its atmosphere. Planets with a nearby (but not too close) parent star and some atmosphere (though not too thick) should be reasonably warm, like Earth or Mars. Objects far from the star and with no atmosphere, like Pluto, will surely be cold by our standards. And planets too close to the star and with a thick atmosphere, like Venus, will be very hot indeed.
The Swarms have crushed the meager human resistance and laid waste to nine of the thirteen Terran worlds. Shortly after the fall of the Terran capitol world of Tarsonis, the main Protoss fleet abandoned the Terran Sector. Now, efforts continue on Tarsonis to weed out the remaining Protoss forces.
The syllogism consists of propositions, propositions consist of words, words are symbols of notions. Therefore if the notions themselves (which is the root of the matter) are confused and over hastily abstracted from the facts, there can be no firmness in the super structure. Our only hope therefore lies in a true induction.
The telescreen received and transmitted simultaneously. Any sound that Winston made, above the level of a very low whisper, would be picked up by it, moreover, so long as he remained within the field of vision which the metal plaque commanded, he could be seen as well as heard.
The term "barbarian" was created by the Greeks; it was originally used to denote any foreigner. Since then it has gained a more negative connotation, and it is commonly applied to civilizations deemed "inferior" to one's own.
The term First Contact applies to the moment when we employ a means of communication with alien beings that also have a means of talking back to us. There are several ways First Contact could happen. The most popular idea, originating from the UFO phenomenon, is the image of ET landing on the lawn of the White House and greeting the president. However, scientists hope they are the first to establish communication with ET, via radio signals.
The term short-hand, in its general signification, denotes any abbreviated or contracted method of writing having for its object compactness or celerity, and consisting in the use of word-signs, abbreviations, or special characters more suitable for rapid writing than the ordinary letters.
The terminator wouldn't stop, it would never leave him. It would never hurt him or shout at him or get drunk and hit him or say it was too busy to spend time with him. And it would die to protect him. Of all the would-be fathers that came over the years, this thing, this machine, was the only thing that measured up.
The terminator wouldn't stop, it would never leave him. It would never hurt him or shout at him or get drunk and hit him or say it was too busy to spend time with him. And it would die to protect him. Of all the would-be fathers that came over the years, this thing, this machine, was the only thing that measured up. In an insane world, it was the sanest choice.
The theory of music emphasizes the elements from which music is composed. One such structure is the melody, which is a grouping of musical notes that combine into a basic, but immensely flexible structure. Another is the chord, which is two or more notes played simultaneously to create a harmony.
The thin line winding through the deserts of Alta and Baja California, and along the Rio Grande/Bravo, also demarcates to many scholars where "American" history ends and "Latin American" history begins. In the same pernicious manner that the geopolitical border divides human beings, that intellectual border has segregated a common past.
The thing about a story is that you dream it as you tell it, hoping that others might then dream along with you, and in this way memory and imagination and language combine to make spirits in the head. There is the illusion of aliveness.
The thing about people who are truly and malignantly crazy: their real genius is for making the people around them think they themselves are crazy.
The things we do outlast our mortality. The things we do are like monuments that people build to honor heroes after they've died. They're like the pyramids that the Egyptians built to honor the pharaohs. Only instead of being made of stone, they're made out of the memories people have of you.
The things you're looking for, Montag, are in the world, but the only way the average chap will ever see ninety-nine per cent of them is in a book.
The third great crucible of African-derived religion in the Americas is, of course, Haiti. Due perhaps in part to the difficulties in conducting sustained research in the strife-torn Caribbean nation in recent decades, the literature on Vodou has been slower to develop than that for Candomble and Santeria. Yet a similar historical trajectory may be discerned, beginning with the emergence of distinct neo-African nations, Rada and Petwo, associated with the deities or Iwa of Dahomey and of Kongo/Angola, respectively.
The throne rumbled. A wave of gale-force anger slammed into me. "WHO DARES-" The voice stopped abruptly. The anger retreated, which was a good thing, because just those two words had almost blasted my mind to shreds. "Percy." My father's voice was still angry but more controlled. "What exactly are you doing on my throne?" "I'm sorry, Father," I said. "I needed to get your attention." "This was a very dangerous thing to do, even for you. If I hadn't looked before I blasted, you would now be a puddle of seawater."
The time has come for man to plant the seed of his highest hope. His soil is still rich enough. But one day this soil will be poor and domesticated, and no tall tree will be able to grow in it.
The time has come for man to set himself a goal. The time has come for man to plant the seed of his highest hope. His soil is still rich enough. But one day this soil will be poor and domesticated, and no tall tree will be able to grow in it.
The time has come for man to set himself a goal. The time has come for man to plant the seed of his highest hope. His soil is still rich enough. But one day this soil will be poor and domesticated, and no tall tree will be able to grow in it. Alas, the time is coming when man will no longer shoot the arrow of his longing beyond man, and the string of his bow will have forgotten how to whir.
The time has come, to say fair's fair. To pay our rent, now, to pay our share. The time has come, a fact's a fact. It belongs to them, we're gonna give it back. How do we dance when our earth is turning? How do we sleep when our beds are burning?
The time I waited seemed endless, and I felt doubts and fears crowding upon me. What sort of place had I come to, and among what kind of people? What sort of grim adventure was it on which I had embarked?
The titanium business was in a state of flux during the 1990s. Consolidations and closures modified not only the business names but also the delivery of titanium services in the world. Since titanium operations start with the availability of sponge and then ingot for remelt, casting, or for subsequent working, it is desirable that some players in the titanium market be identified.
The transformations of the US and Mexican countryside did not merely run parallel, though; they frequently intersected. In the new millennium, few remember that era of convergence.
The treatment of atoms with more than one electron requires consideration of the effects of interelectronic repulsion, orbital penetration towards the nuclear shielding, and an extra quantum number which specifies the intrinsic energy of the electron in any orbital. All these considerations are necessary to allow construction of the modern form of the periodic classification of the elements.
The tricky part of illness is that, as you go through it, your values are constantly changing. You try to figure out what matters to you, and then you keep figuring it out. It felt like someone had taken away my credit card and I was having to learn how to budget. You may decide you want to spend your time working as a neurosurgeon, but two months later, you may feel differently. Two months after that, you may want to learn to play the saxophone or devote yourself to the church. Death may be a one-time event, but living with terminal illness is a process.
The truth is that there are a lot of people like you, us, with strange hobbies or talents or gifts and we try to hide it because we're afraid that it makes us seem weird or it will turn people off, but that's a mistake. What makes me unique has brought every person I love into my life.
The truth is... I think that we should stay, and if - and if the time comes, if the Diamonds do come to wipe this planet off the star maps, I think we should fight for this life we've built instead of tearing it up out of the ground! I think we can win. I think you can win. Earth is our home now. Isn't it worth fighting for?
The truth of the matter is that there are a lot of available men (and more than enough who are not "available," but will still try) of varying quality, that you can choose from, but the odds are that you will generally meet the worst of them.
The TV ad featured Jamie on drums, bashing out a pukka rhythm and wearing a gummy open-mouthed grin, like a drunk who's just kicked his own teeth out and thinks it's hilarious. It caused many to regard Mr. Oliver with a level of contempt normally reserved for war criminals.
The two kinds of messages that an object-communication diagram shows are the synchronous message (in which a sender object must wait for the target to finish) and the asynchronous message (in which a sender object does not need to wait).
The typewriter had a problem, though. Try to type quickly on it, and the type bars banged into one another and got stuck. The solution to that problem resulted in the keyboard we know today.
The ultimate way to compose is to be able to keyboard as fast as you can think so your thoughts can flow onto the screen.
The ultimate way to compose is to be able to keyboard as fast as you can think. This is not easy to do, but your goal should be at least to develop the ability to think of the word and have the appropriate fingers tap the appropriate keys without interrupting the thinking process so your thoughts can flow onto the screen.
The unhappy are egoistic, spiteful, unjust, cruel, and less capable of understanding each other than fools. Unhappiness does not bring people together but draws them apart, and even where one would fancy people should be united by the similarity of their sorrow, far more injustice and cruelty is generated than in comparatively placid surroundings.
The United States and Mexico, nations long understood on opposing sides of those binary divisions, grappled with strikingly analogous agrarian transformations during the twentieth century. Unprecedented social movements that confronted dispossession and inequality in the countryside shook both nations and both witnessed ruling regimes that intermittently embraced agrarian rebels but abandoned them when politically opportune. In time, each saw the rise of an expert class that sought to wield social and biological science to remake agriculture and rural life. The transformations of the US and Mexican countryside did not merely run parallel, though; they frequently intersected.
The universe (which others call the Library) is composed of an indefinite, perhaps infinite number of hexagonal galleries. In the center of each gallery is a ventilation shaft, bounded by a low railing. From any hexagon one can see the floors above and below - one after another, endlessly.
The universe divided as the heart and mind collided with the people left unguided for so many troubled years. In a cloud of doubts and fears, their world was torn asunder into hollow hemispheres. Some fought themselves, some fought each other. Most just followed one another, lost, aimless, like their brothers. For their hearts were so unclear and the truth could not appear. Their spirits were divided into blinded hemispheres.
The universe is true for us all and dissimilar to each of us. If we were not obliged, to preserve the continuity of our story, to confine ourselves to frivolous reasons, how many more serious reasons would permit us to demonstrate the falsehood and flimsiness of the opening pages of this volume in which, from my bed, I hear the world awake, now to one sort of weather, now to another.
The unknown future rolls toward us. I face it for the first time with a sense of hope, because if a machine, a Terminator, can learn the value of human life, maybe we can, too.
The upper class in the United States is a small, exclusive group that occupies the highest levels of status and prestige. For some, membership in the upper class is relatively recent, acquired through personal financial achievement. These families are usually headed by high-level executives in large corporations and highly compensated lawyers, doctors, scientists, entertainers, and professional athletes. Such individuals may have been born into poor, working-class, or middle-class families, but they have been able to climb the social ladder and create a comfortable life.
The various modes of worship which prevailed in the Roman world were all considered by the people as equally true; by the philosopher as equally false; and by the magistrate as equally useful.
The vastness of the heavens stretches my imagination - stuck on this carousel my little eye can catch one-million-year-old light. A vast pattern - of which I am a part... What is the pattern or the meaning or the why? It does not do harm to the mystery to know a little more about it. For far more marvelous is the truth than any artists of the past imagined it.
The vastness of the heavens stretches my imagination - stuck on this carousel my little eye can catch one-million-year-old light. A vast pattern - of which I am a part... What is the pattern or the meaning or the why? It does not do harm to the mystery to know a little more about it. For far more marvelous is the truth than any artists of the past imagined it.
The view that machines cannot give rise to surprises is due, I believe, to a fallacy to which philosophers and mathematicians are particularly subject. This is the assumption that as soon as a fact is presented to a mind all consequences of that fact spring into the mind simultaneously with it. It is a very useful assumption under many circumstances, but one too easily forgets that it is false. A natural consequence of doing so is that one then assumes that there is no virtue in the mere working out of consequences from data and general principles.
The Vital Apparatus Vent will deliver a Weighted Companion Cube in three, two, one.
The waiting room. I hate when they make you wait in the room. 'Cause it says "Waiting Room." There's no chance of not waiting. 'Cause they call it the waiting room, they're gonna use it. They've got it. It's all set up for you to wait. And you sit there, you know, and you've got your little magazine. You pretend you're reading it, but you're really looking at the other people. You know, you're thinking about them. Things like, "I wonder what he's got. As soon as she goes, I'm getting her magazine."
The war against the orcs took its toll, and the prisoners of the realm were to pay the price. The king needed swords for his army, and every man guilty of a crime, no matter how insignificant, was forced to work in the ore mines of Khorinis. To make it impossible for them to escape, the king sent out the best magicians of the kingdom to create a magic barrier around the entire valley.
The way I see it if you're going to build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style? Besides, the stainless steel construction made the flux dispersal - look out!
The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things. The good things don't always soften the bad things, but vice versa the bad things don't always spoil the good things or make them unimportant. And we definitely added to his pile of good things.
The way you made them suffer, your exquisite wife and mother, fills me with the urge to defecate!
The way you walked was thorny, through no fault of your own, but as the rain enters the soil, the river enters the sea, so tears run to a predestined end. Your suffering is over, Bela my son. Now you will find peace.
The way you wear your hat, the way you sip your tea, the memory of all that, no, no, they can't take that away from me. The way your smile just beams, the way you sing off key, the way you haunt my dreams, no, no, they can't take that away from me.
The weird thing about houses is that they almost always look like nothing is happening inside of them, even though they contain most of our lives. I wondered if that was sort of the point of architecture.
The Western States nervous under the beginning change. Texas and Oklahoma, Kansas and Arkansas, New Mexico, Arizona, California. A single family moved from the land. Pa borrowed money from the bank, and now the bank wants the land. The land company - that's the bank when it has land - wants tractors, not families on the land.
The wheel is turning and you can't slow down. You can't let go and you can't hold on. You can't go back and you can't stand still. If the thunder don't get you then the lightning will.
The whole fury and might of the enemy must very soon be turned on us. Hitler knows that he will have to break us in this Island or lose the war. If we can stand up to him, all Europe may be free and the life of the world may move forward into broad, sunlit uplands. But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new Dark Age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science. Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves that, if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, "This was their finest hour."
The whole point was to find a way to practice nuclear war without destroying ourselves. To get the computers to learn from mistakes we couldn't afford to make. Except I never could get Joshua to learn the most important lesson.
The willow it weeps today. A breeze from the distance is calling your name. Unfurl your black wings and wait. Across the horizon it's coming to sweep you away, it's coming to sweep you away. Let the wind carry you home. Blackbird fly away. May you never be broken again.
The wind was bitterly cold. The snow swirled, blurring his vision. But somewhere ahead, through the blinding storm, he knew there was warmth and light. Using his final strength, and a special knowledge that was deep inside him, Jonas found the sled that was waiting for them at the top of the hill.
The wine list looks so imposing that you finally give up laboring over it. You hand it back to the server and say (either a bit sheepishly, because you're acknowledging that you can't handle the list, or with defiant bravado, signifying that you're not going to waste your time on this nonsense), "I'll just have a glass of white wine." Smart move or big mistake? We'd say, "Mistake."
The wine list looks so imposing that you finally give up laboring over it. You hand it back to the server and say, "I'll just have a glass of white wine." Smart move or big mistake? We'd say, "Mistake."
The withered leaves collect at my feet and the wind begins to moan. Memory, all alone in the moonlight. I can dream of the old days, life was beautiful then. I remember the time I knew what happiness was. Let the memory live again.
The wonder is, not that the field of stars is so vast, but that man has measured it.
The wonders of life and the universe are mere reflections of microscopic particles engaged in a pointless dance fully choreographed by the laws of physics.
The word science is derived from a Latin verb meaning "to know." Science is a way of knowing - an approach to understanding the natural world.
The word science is derived from a Latin verb meaning "to know." Science is a way of knowing - an approach to understanding the natural world. It developed out of our human curiosity about ourselves, other life-forms, our planet, and the universe. Striving to make sense of our experiences seems to be one of our basic urges.
The work force is disgusted, downs tools, and walks. Innocence is injured, experience just talks. Everyone seeks damages and everyone agrees that these are 'classic symptoms of a monetary squeeze'. On ITV and BBC they talk about the curse. Philosophy is useless, theology is worse. History boils over, there's an economics freeze. Sociologists invent words that mean 'Industrial Disease'.
The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I don't care how tough you are it will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently if you let it. You, me, or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life. But it ain't about how hard you hit. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done! Now if you know what you're worth then go out and get what you're worth. But you've gotta be willing to take the hits, and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because of him, or her, or anybody! Cowards do that and that ain't you! You're better than that!
The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater.
The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater.
The world is so exquisite, with so much love and moral depth, that there is no reason to deceive ourselves with pretty stories for which there's little good evidence. Far better, it seems to me, in our vulnerability, is to look Death in the eye and to be grateful every day for the brief but magnificent opportunity that life provides.
The world isn't run by weapons anymore, or energy, or money. It's run by little ones and zeroes, little bits of data. It's all just electrons.
The world of typing has changed. In the 1970s, every business had rooms full of secretaries whose job it was to type letters that had been hand-written. They were copying the writing into a more readable format. In the early 1980s, the personal computer became a common office machine.
The world says: "You have needs - satisfy them. You have as much right as the rich and the mighty. Don't hesitate to satisfy your needs; indeed, expand your needs and demand more." This is the worldly doctrine of today. And they believe that this is freedom. The result for the rich is isolation and suicide, for the poor, envy and murder.
The world says: "You have needs - satisfy them. You have as much right as the rich and the mighty. Don't hesitate to satisfy your needs; indeed, expand your needs and demand more." This is the worldly doctrine of today. And they believe that this is freedom. The result for the rich is isolation and suicide, for the poor, envy and murder.
The world's changing out there, there are a lot of new, exciting ideas running around. Some may be right and some may be cockeyed but they're affecting all our lives. I want to know how I stand, where I fit in the picture, what it's all gonna mean to me. I can't find that out sitting behind some desk in an office, so as soon as I get enough money together, I'm going to knock off for a while.
The worst part of having someone tell you about their vacation is trying to pretend you're happy for them, because no one wants to hear about all the fun they didn't have.
The year 1939 when Charlie Chaplin and his evil nazi regime enslaved Europe in trying to take over the world! But then an even greater force emerged: the UN! And the UN un-nazied the world. Forever!
The year 1997 has arrived. A herd of ugly reds are rushing from the mainland. Crime rate skyrockeded! Hongkong is ruined! Therefore, the Hongkong government called Bruce Lee's relative "Chin" for the massacre of the reds. Chin is a killer machine. Wipe out all 1.2 billion of the red communists! However, in mainland China there was a secret project in progress! A project to transform the deceased Tong Shau Ping into an ultimate weapon!
Then Annie got the crazy idea that she could talk me into buying a farm. I'm thirty-six years old, I love my family, I love baseball, and I'm about to become a farmer. And until I heard the Voice, I'd never done a crazy thing in my whole life.
Then he made one last effort to search in his heart for the place where his affection had rotted away, and he could not find it.
Then listen up! When I joined the core, we didn't have any fancy schmancy tanks! We had sticks! Two sticks and a rock for a whole platoon. And we had to share the rock. Buck up, boy, you're one very lucky marine!
Then she lit up a candle, and she showed me the way. There were voices down the corridor. I thought I heard them say, "Welcome to the Hotel California." Such a lovely place, such a lovely face.
Then suddenly Prince Andre was speaking for himself, his accent all but unnoticeable, and his gaze alert, even challenging. "Miss Hawley thinks buying stocks is a good idea. But do not stock prices continue down?" "The stock market should turn around any day now," said Miss Hawley.
Then the 92nd little pig built a house out of depleted uranium. And the wolf was like, "Dude."
Then Valdr showed them a nest of sleeping starlings, and Eragon could feel their dreams flickering in their minds, fast as the blink of an eye. At first Valdr's emotion was one of contempt - the starlings' dreams seemed tiny, petty, and inconsequential - but then his mood changed and became warm and sympathetic, and even the smallest of the starlings' concerns grew in importance until it seemed equal to the worries of kings.
Then we saw him pick up all the things that were down. He picked up the cake, and the rake, and the gown, and the milk, and the strings, and the books, and the dish, and the fan, and the cup, and the ship, and the fish.
Then you compared a woman's love to Hell, to barren land where water will not dwell, and you compared it to a quenchless fire, the more it burns the more is its desire to burn up everything that burnt can be. You say that just as worms destroy a tree a wife destroys her husband and contrives, as husbands know, the ruin of their lives.
Then, waiting, I heard the silence pouring from them. The audience held themselves quiet, tense and tight, as if the song had burned them worse than flame. Each person held their wounded selves closely, clutching their pain as if it were a precious thing. Then there was a murmur of sobs released and sobs escaping. A sigh of tears. A whisper of bodies slowly becoming no longer still. Then the applause. A roar like leaping flame, like thunder after lightning.
There ain't no sin and there ain't no virtue. There's just stuff people do.
There are about a hundred accounts in the medical literature of people displaying what is now known as Cotard's delusion. It is also sometimes known, unsettlingly, as walking corpse syndrome. If you were to develop Cotard's delusion you might look in the mirror and find your reflection suspicious, or you might cease to feel that the heartbeat in your chest was yours, or you might think parts of your body were rotting away. In the most extreme cases, you might think you'd become a ghost and decide you no longer needed food. One of Cotard's patients died of starvation.
There are all sorts of dream interpretations, Freud's being the most notorious, but I have always believed they served a simple eliminatory function, and not much more - that dreams are the psyche's way of taking a good dump every now and then.
There are books of which the backs and covers are by far the best parts.
There are but two types of men who desire war: those who haven't the slightest intention of fighting it themselves, and those who haven't the slightest idea what it is. Any man who has seen the face of death knows better than to seek him out a second time.
There are certain queer times and occasions in this strange mixed affair we call life when a man takes this whole universe for a vast practical joke, though the wit thereof he but dimly discerns, and more than suspects that the joke is at nobody's expense but his own.
There are few people in the world who have more opportunity for getting close to the hot, interesting things of one's time than the special correspondent of a great paper. He is enabled to see "the wheels go round;" has the chance of getting his knowledge at first hand. In stirring times the drama of life is to him like the first night of a play. There are no preconceived opinions for him to go by; he ought not to, at least, be influenced by any prejudices; and the account of the performance is to some extent like that of the dramatic critic, inasmuch as that the verdict of the public or of history has either to confirm or reverse his own judgment.
There are few people whom I really love, and still fewer of whom I think well. The more I see of the world, the more am I dissatisfied with it; and every day confirms my belief of the inconsistency of all human characters, and of the little dependence that can be placed on the appearance of merit or sense.
There are five stages to grief, which are denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and acceptance. And right now, out there, they're all denying the fact that they're sad. And that's hard. And it's making them all angry. And it is my job to try to get them all the way through to acceptance. And if not acceptance, then just depression. If I can get them depressed, then I'll have done my job.
There are fixed points throughout time where things must stay exactly the way they are. This is not one of them. This is an opportunity! Whatever happens here will create its own timeline, its own reality, a temporal tipping point. The future revolves around you, here, now, so do good!
There are infinite numbers between 0 and 1. There's .1 and .12 and .112 and an infinite collection of others. Of course, there is a bigger infinite set of numbers between 0 and 2, or between 0 and a million. Some infinities are bigger than other infinities.
There are many other ways of programming the switching sequence, which will not be discussed here. In many cases the switching sequence is under computer control. In the simple method used above, the intention is to show the fundamental principle upon which pulse width modulation is used.
There are many other ways of programming the switching sequence, which will not be discussed here. In many cases the switching sequence is under computer control. In the simple method used above, the intention is to show the fundamental principle upon which pulse width modulation is used.
There are many people who reach their conclusions about life like schoolboys; they cheat their master by copying the answer out of a book without having worked out the sum for themselves.
There are many things that I would like to say to you but I don't know how.
There are many things we've never done. We've never made our mark upon the world. The great lords of Westeros pay us no mind, until our little raids buzz through their kingdoms long enough to become a nuisance and they swat us down. They conquer us, humiliate us, and go right back to forgetting we exist. We are a sea people!
There are many ways to get out; surrender is one, losing is another. Winning, cheating, which I don't recommend, but you have to do something. You have to have a strategy. See the number one rule in chess is this; whatever you do, don't play the other person's game. Play your own... Your move.
There are men who possess a peculiarly strong visual memory, sharpness and accuracy of eye, presence of mind, dexterity of hand, and above all a subtle sense of touch, who are as it were born into God's world for the sole and special purpose of becoming distinguished card-sharpers.
There are naive questions, tedious questions, ill-phrased questions, questions put after inadequate self-criticism. But every question is a cry to understand the world. There is no such thing as a dumb question.
There are no simple answers in life. There is good and bad in everyone and everything. No decision is made without consequence. No road is taken that doesn't lead to another. What's important is that those roads always be kept open, for there's no telling what wonder they might lead to.
There are of course those who do not want us to speak. I suspect even now, orders are being shouted into telephones, and men with guns will soon be on their way. Why? Because while the truncheon may be used in lieu of conversation, words will always retain their power. Words offer the means to meaning, and for those who will listen, the enunciation of truth. And the truth is, there is something terribly wrong with this country, isn't there?
There are perhaps twenty regular posters on the forum, and some much larger and uncounted number of lurkers.
There are perhaps twenty regular posters on the forum, and some much larger and uncounted number of lurkers. And right now there are three people in chat, but there's no way of knowing exactly who until you are in there, and the chat room she finds not so comforting. It's strange even with friends, like sitting in a pitch-dark cellar conversing with people a distance of about fifteen feet.
There are places I'll remember all my life, though some have changed. Some forever, not for better. Some have gone and some remain. All these places have their moments with lovers and friends I still can recall.
There are so many different ways to be connected to people. There are the people you feel this unspoken connection to, even though there's not even a word for it. There's the people who you've known forever who know you in this way that other people can't because they've seen you change... they've let you change.
There are some fights you just can't win. A force can be so overwhelming that no tactical approach in a fight is going to lead to a victory worth having. When you can't win in a fight, sometimes you have to settle for making sure that if you lose, everyone loses. It works for nuclear weapons, it works for me.
There are spaces between the joints, and the blade of the knife has really no thickness.
There are still faint glimmers of civilization left in this barbaric slaughterhouse that was once known as humanity. He was one of them. What more is there to say?
There are still some places where you can get all you can eat for a fixed price. Fried chicken is the best and the easiest to pocket, or should we say bag.
There are still some places where you can get all you can eat for a fixed price. Fried chicken is the best and the easiest to pocket, or should we say bag. Another trick is to pour your second free cup of hot coffee into the plastic bag sewed inside your pocket and take it with you.
There are still some places where you can get all you can eat for a fixed price. Sew a plastic bag onto your tee-shirt or belt and wear a loose-fitting jacket or coat to cover any noticeable bulge. Fried chicken is the best and the easiest to pocket, or should we say bag. Another trick is to pour your second free cup of hot coffee into the plastic bag sewed inside your pocket and take it with you.
There are things being negotiated now that are going to solve all of your problems and answer all of your questions. That's all I can tell you now. Carlo, you grew up in Nevada. When we make our move there you're going to be my right hand man. Tom Hagen is no longer Consigliari. He's going to be our lawyer in Vegas. That's no reflection on Tom, it's just the way I want it. Besides, if I ever need help, who's a better Consigliari than my father? And that's it.
There are things waiting in the darkness. Creatures of metal, fire, and blood. But he's out there, burning through time, facing a thousand dangers across the stars and never giving up. He looks like a man but he's a legend and his name is the Doctor. He'll come back to save us and this time I'm going to be ready. Then just like that, we'll be gone.
There are those who say that the world is like a calm pond, and that any time a person does even the smallest thing, it is as if a stone has dropped into the pond, spreading circles of ripples further and further out, until the entire world has been changed by one tiny action, but the Baudelaires could not bear to think of the tiny action of the trigger of the harpoon gun, or how the world changed in just one instant. Instead, they frantically rushed to the edge of the pond as the sub-sub-librarian began to sink. Klaus grabbed one hand, and Sunny grabbed the other, and Violet reached for his face, as if she were comforting someone who had begun to cry.
There are three reasons, Mr. Brown, why I will not dance with you. The first, I fear, is that you've had a little too much to drink. The second is that this is not, as you seem to suppose, a waltz the orchestra is playing but the Peruvian national anthem, for which you should be standing to attention. And the third reason why we may not dance, Mr. Brown, is that I am the Cardinal Archbishop of Lima.
There are times when all the world's asleep, the questions run too deep for such a simple man. Won't you please, please tell me what we've learned? I know it sounds absurd but please tell me who I am.
There are times, sir, when men of good conscience cannot blindly follow orders. You acknowledge their sentience, but ignore their personal liberties and freedom. Order a man to turn his child over to the state? Not while I'm his captain.
There are two kinds of fibers in our muscles, red and white. Red muscle fibers enable us to maintain long-term, low stress activity. White muscle fibers are specialized for fast, rapid movements.
There are two kinds of fibers in our muscles, red and white. When an athlete trains for long distance running, he or she builds more red muscle fibers than white muscle fibers in his calf muscles. A sprinter has more white muscles. If you retrain a marathon runner to be a sprinter, most of the muscle fibers will convert to white muscles.
There are two places on Earth that serve as canaries in the coal mine - regions that are especially sensitive to the effects of global warming. The first is the Arctic. The second is the Antarctic.
There are two places on Earth that serve as canaries in the coal mine - regions that are especially sensitive to the effects of global warming. The first is the Arctic. The second is the Antarctic. In both of these frozen realms, scientists are seeing faster changes and earlier more dramatic effects of climate change than anywhere else on Earth.
There are usually three types of people I deal with when selecting a participant. First, there's the very willing participant who came to see me hoping he'd be selected. Second, there's the wise guy who wants to prove he can't be hypnotized. Third, there's the person who simply wants to enjoy the show. It's up to me to select the right candidate.
There are very few things I wish I could change about those two decades, but there are many things I wish I had known.
There are very few things I wish I could change about those two decades, but there are many things I wish I had known. I wish I had known, for instance, that such a long period of being single was in the cards for me. I also wish I'd known earlier that such a delay was not abnormal among my generation.
There before me was a woman who had finally, after all this time, made it to the start line, at the absolute worst moment imaginable. It was truly a tragic sight of a truly hopeless girl who had just begun her first love when it was far too late.
There can be a burden in authority, in vigilance, like a father's burden. It was too much for some men. A smart guy who's steady is hard to find. I was alright, better than some, but, you know, I knew how to talk to people, and I was steady. Rust - now, his Texas files were classified or redacted, and he wasn't big on talking except when you wanted him to shut up, but he was smart.
There can be no covenants between men and lions, wolves and lambs can never be of one mind, but hate each other out and out and through.
There comes a point when you just love someone. Not because they're good, or bad, or anything really. You just love them. It doesn't mean you'll be together forever. It doesn't mean you won't hurt each other. It just means you love them. Sometimes in spite of who they are, and sometimes because of who they are. And you know that they love you, sometimes because of who you are, and sometimes in spite of it.
There comes a time when we heed a certain call, when the world must come together as one. There are people dying and it's time to lend a hand to life, the greatest gift of all.
There could be whole antiworlds and antipeople made out of antiparticles. However, if you meet your antiself, don't shake hands! You would both vanish in a great flash of light.
There exists in human nature a strong propensity to depreciate the advantages, and to magnify the evils, of the present times.
There have been occasions in my later life (I suppose as in most lives) when I have felt for a time as if a thick curtain had fallen on all its interest and romance, to shut me out from anything save dull endurance any more. Never has that curtain dropped so heavy and blank, as when my way in life lay stretched out straight before me through the newly-entered road of apprenticeship to Joe.
There he goes. One of God's own prototypes. A high-powered mutant of some kind never even considered for mass production. Too weird to live, and too rare to die.
There is a difference between the Holy Spirit coming and residing within us and us receiving the clothing with power that Jesus spoke of - the baptism of the Holy Spirit.
There is a door at the end of a silent corridor. And it's haunting Harry Potter's dreams. Why else would he be waking in the middle of the night, screaming in terror?
There is a door at the end of a silent corridor. And it's haunting Harry Potter's dreams. Why else would he be waking in the middle of the night, screaming in terror?
There is a fifth dimension beyond that which is known to man. It is a dimension as vast as space and as timeless as infinity. It is the middle ground between light and shadow, between science and superstition, and it lies between the pit of man's fears and the summit of his knowledge. This is the dimension of imagination. It is an area which we call the Twilight Zone.
There is a stubbornness about me that never can bear to be frightened at the will of others. My courage always rises at every attempt to intimidate me.
There is a theory which states that if anybody ever discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable.
There is a theory which states that if anybody ever discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened.
There is a theory, for which there is much to be said, that gold and gems were valued originally on account of their supposed magical properties.
There is a trick for learning to type faster. That trick is to type words rather than letters.
There is absolutely no inevitability as long as there is a willingness to contemplate what is happening.
There is an ancient Indian saying that something lives only as long as the last person who remembers it. My people have come to trust memory over history. Memory, like fire, is radiant and immutable while history serves only those who seek to control it, those who douse the flame of memory in order to put out the dangerous fire of truth. Beware these men for they are dangerous themselves and unwise. Their false history is written in the blood of those who might remember and of those who seek the truth.
There is an art to flying, or rather a knack. The knack lies in learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
There is an old building up ahead. A bank or museum or something like that. Whatever the hell it used to be, now it is a nexus for Overwatch in City 17. It is the main source of pain for this part of town, thanks to a huge suppression device that rains down hell from the roof of the place.
There is little agreement about the timing and causation of African demographic change after 1900 due to the paucity or poor quality of the statistical resources for much of the modern period. Before 1900, the data are infinitely worse but the debates are no less heated. Yet this lack of consensus is relatively new. Until the 1960s, there was general agreement that the continent's precolonial population had been low and largely stable, limited by violence, slaving, social and economic obstacles to rapid growth such as prolonged breastfeeding and the absence of secure land tenure, and exceptionally high disease loads.
There is more than one kind of freedom: freedom to and freedom from. In the days of anarchy, it was freedom to. Now you are being given freedom from. Don't underrate it.
There is more to color than a swatch in a book, or a pull down menu choice. Color is the element closest to the client and audience's subjective identity. Like a volatile radioactive element, it is extremely powerful and should be handled very, very carefully.
There is no escape. Don't make me destroy you. Luke, you do not yet realize your importance. You have only begun to discover your power. Join me, and I will complete your training. With our combined strength, we can end this destructive conflict and bring order to the galaxy.
There is no good and evil, there is only power and those too weak to seek it.
There is no hate, only joy. For you are beloved by the goddess. Hero of the dawn, Healer of worlds. Dreams of the morrow hath the shattered soul. Pride is lost. Wings stripped away, the end is nigh.
There is no instance of a country having benefited from prolonged warfare. It is only one who is thoroughly acquainted with the evils of war that can thoroughly understand the profitable way of carrying it on.
There is no pain, you are receding. A distant ship smoke on the horizon. You are only coming through in waves. Your lips move but I can't hear what you're saying.
There is no pain, you are receding. A distant ship smoke on the horizon. You are only coming through in waves. Your lips move but I can't hear what you're saying. When I was a child, I had a fever. My hands felt just like two balloons. Now I've got that feeling once again. I can't explain you will not understand. This is not how I am.
There is no physical separation after the slicing, so that edge can be ignored and we can treat the pizza, for thermal purposes, as an infinite plane.
There is no physical separation after the slicing, so that edge can be ignored and we can treat the pizza, for thermal purposes, as an infinite plane. The procedure reduces the heat-transfer problem to one dimension represented by a vector normal to the pizza surface.
There is no real going back. Though I may come to the Shire, it will not seem the same; for I shall not be the same. I am wounded with knife, sting, and tooth, and a long burden. Where shall I find rest?
There is no reason to adjust the long-standing advice of the earlier editions of this book: The core of every portfolio should consist of low-cost, tax-efficient, broad-based index funds.
There is no room to go away. Momentarily the noises increase. Men are firing about him, and he strains his eyes on the opposite hill to see something to shoot at, and empties his magazine at what looks like a man but may be a tree-trunk, and then stops again and gets sick. Another long period of waiting follows. All the water is gone from his water-bottle; an intolerable thirst is scorching his throat. He does not reload his magazine, and makes up his mind to say that his rifle is jammed, so that he need not go further with any fresh stupid advance that may be ordered. This is no time to care about what any one may think of him, it is just too awful for anything.
There is no way that this winter is ever going to end as long as this groundhog keeps seeing his shadow. I don't see any other way out. He's got to be stopped. And I have to stop him.
There is not a liberal America and a conservative America - there is the United States of America. There is not a Black America and a White America and Latino America and Asian America - there's the United States of America.
There is nothing in the world more difficult than candor, and nothing easier than flattery. If there is a hundredth of a fraction of a false note to candor, it immediately produces dissonance, and as a result, exposure. But in flattery, even if everything is false down to the last note, it is still pleasant, and people will listen not without pleasure; with coarse pleasure, perhaps, but pleasure nevertheless.
There is nothing more admirable than when two people who see eye to eye keep house as man and wife, confounding their enemies and delighting their friends.
There is nothing sweeter in this sad world than the sound of someone you love calling your name.
There is one end of the room where it is almost intact, and there, when the crosslights fade and the low sun shines directly upon it, I can almost fancy radiation after all - the interminable grotesques seem to form around a common centre and rush off in headlong plunges of equal distraction. It makes me tired to follow it. I will take a nap I guess.
There is only one wish on my mind: when this day is through I hope that I will find that tomorrow will be just the same for you and me. All I need will be mine if you are here.
There is so much darkness in Ember, Lina. It's not just outside, it's inside us, too. Everyone has some darkness inside. It's like a hungry creature. It wants and wants and wants with a terrible power. And the more you give it, the bigger and hungrier it gets.
There is some love that will not go away. You're here, there's nothing I fear and I know that my heart will go on. We'll stay forever this way, you are safe in my heart.
There is something about yourself that you don't know.
There is something about yourself that you don't know. Something that you will deny even exists, until it's too late to do anything about it. It's the only reason you get up in the morning. We share an addiction. We're approval junkies. We're all in it for the slap on the back and the gold watch.
There is the heat of love, the pulsing rush of longing, the lover's whisper, irresistible - magic to make the sanest man go mad.
There must be quite a few things a hot bath won't cure, but I don't know many of them.
There she goes. There she goes again, racing through my brain. And I just can't contain this feeling that remains.
There was a demon that lived in the air. They said whoever challenged him would die. Their controls would freeze up, their planes would buffet wildly, and they would disintegrate. The demon lived at Mach 1 on the meter, seven hundred and fifty miles an hour, where the air could no longer move out of the way. He lived behind a barrier through which they said no man could ever pass. They called it the sound barrier.
There was a high piercing shriek. Tim looked back to see the baby in the jaws of the adult. A second velociraptor came forward and tore at the limbs of the infant, trying to pull it from the mouth of the first. The two raptors fought over the baby as it squealed. Blood splattered in large drops onto the floor.
There was a little boy once upon a time who in spite of his young age and small size knew his mind. For every copper penny and clover he would find, he'd make a wish for better days and the end of hard times.
There was a long hard time when I kept far from me the remembrance of what I had thrown away when I was quite ignorant of its worth.
There was a stage and a PA up in western Massachusetts and the kids came from miles around to get messed up on the music. And she drove down from Bowdoin with a carload of girlfriends to meet some boys and maybe eat some mushrooms.
There was a stage and a PA up in western Massachusetts and the kids came from miles around to get messed up on the music. And she drove down from Bowdoin with a carload of girlfriends, to meet some boys and maybe eat some mushrooms. And they did, and she got sick, and now she's pinned and way too shaky.
There was a time in the Depression of the 1930s when conservative thought sprang from the dire concrete reality of that terrible era, not from abstractions. They did not use the word "conservative" very often, preferring to call themselves "decentralists" or "agrarians." Eclectic in background they were: columnists, poets, historians, literary figures, economists, theologians, and civic advocates.
There was a time not that long ago when many drivers thought nothing of tossing empty bottles out the windows of their cars. Years later, these same citizens came to realize that littering was not an acceptable way to dispose of their trash. The web design community is now undergoing a similar shift in attitude, and web standards are key to this transformation.
There was a time when I was alone, nowhere to go and no place to call home. My only friend was the man in the moon and even sometimes he would go away, too. Then one night, as I closed my eyes, I saw a shadow flying high. He came to me with the sweetest smile, told me he wanted to talk for a while.
There was but one question he left unasked, and it vibrated between his lines: if gross miscalculations of a person's value could occur on a baseball field, before a live audience of thirty thousand, and a television audience of millions more, what did that say about the measurement of performance in other lines of work? If professional baseball players could be over- or undervalued, who couldn't?
There was me, that is Alex, and my three droogs, that is Pete, Georgie, and Dim, Dim being really dim, and we sat in the Korova Milkbar making up our rassoodocks what to do with the evening.
There was never any more inception than there is now, nor any more youth or age than there is now; and will never be any more perfection than there is now, nor any more heaven or hell than there is now.
There was no reason for me to stay in the real world any longer. In the real world, it didn't matter if I was there or not. When I realized that, I was no longer afraid of losing my body.
There was no telling what people might find out once they felt free to ask whatever questions they wanted to.
There was nothing there, and they would find nothing. But all of a sudden they touched her personal diary, which she would not have shown even to her own mother. And these hostile young strangers reading the words she had written was more devastating to her than the whole Lubyanka with its bars and its cellars.
There was only one catch and that was Catch-22, which specified that a concern for one's safety in the face of dangers that were real and immediate was the process of a rational mind. Orr was crazy and could be grounded. All he had to do was ask; and as soon as he did, he would no longer be crazy and would have to fly more missions.
There was this kid I grew up with; he was younger than me. Sorta looked up to me, you know. We did our first work together, worked our way out of the street. Things were good, we made the most of it. During Prohibition, we ran molasses into Canada, made a fortune, your father, too.
There were a hundred and forty-two staircases at Hogwarts: wide, sweeping ones; narrow, rickety ones; some that led somewhere different on a Friday; some with a vanishing step halfway up that you had to remember to jump.
There were four things the Master refused to have anything to do with: he refused to entertain conjectures or insist on certainty; he refused to be inflexible or to be egotistical.
There were several answers, none of which would help. There was no point in assuring his terrified wife that Joe Van Dorn was the steadiest of men in a gunfight, ever cool, alert, and deadly.
There were those of us who fought against this. But in the end, we could not keep up with the expense involved in the arms race, the space race, and the peace race. And at the same time, our people grumbled for more nylons and washing machines. Our Doomsday scheme cost us just a small fraction of what we'd been spending on defense in a single year. But the deciding factor was when we learned that your country was working along similar lines, and we were afraid of a Doomsday gap.
There will always be exceptions. For instance, when President Richard Milhous Nixon resigned, I led the news with that story. Looking back, I think I made the right decision.
There will be a substantial reward for the one who finds the Millennium Falcon. You are free to use any methods necessary, but I want them alive. No disintegrations.
There will be no more retribution, so you better not waste your time. I don't miss your arms around me. I put my hands in the fire when it burned me once, I don't need it for a second time.
There will be today, there will be tomorrow, there will be always, and there was yesterday, and there was the day before.
There will come a dawn or sunset or high noon when a man will take my life in battle too - flinging a spear perhaps, or whipping a deadly arrow off his bow.
There will come a time when all of us are dead.
There will come a time when all of us are dead. All of us. There will come a time when there are no human beings remaining to remember that anyone ever existed or that our species ever did anything. There will be no one left to remember Aristotle or Cleopatra, let alone you. Everything that we did and built and wrote and thought and discovered will be forgotten and all of this will have been for naught. Maybe that time is coming soon and maybe it is millions of years away, but even if we survive the collapse of our sun, we will not survive forever.
There will come a time when there are no human beings remaining to remember that anyone ever existed or that our species ever did anything.
There'll always be the argument that video games are meant to be played for fun. Believe me, some of it's a lot of fun. Video games are meant to be played at home, relaxing on a couch amongst friends. And they are, and that's fun. But competitive gaming, when you wanna attach your name to a world record, when you want your name written into history, you have to pay the price.
There's a clocktower in Hereford, where the names of the dead are inscribed. We try to honor their deeds, even as their faces fade from our memory. Those memories are all that's left, when they have taken everything else.
There's a club if you'd like to go. You could meet somebody who really loves you. So you go and you stand on your own and you leave on your own and you go home and you cry and you want to die.
There's a dark side to each and every human soul. We wish we were Obi-Wan Kenobi, and for the most part we are, but there's a little Darth Vader in all of us. Thing is, this ain't no either/or proposition. We're talking about dialectics, the good and the bad merging into us. You can run but you can't hide. My experience? Face the darkness. Stare it down. Own it. As brother Nietzsche said, being human is a complicated gig. So give that ol' dark night of the soul a hug. Howl the eternal yes!
There's a diary. Here's the last page. It's all over. The fishmen attack if I make even the slightest noise. I'd rather have my gums scraped than have to fight these fiends.
There's a feeling I get when I look to the west and my spirit is crying for leaving. In my thoughts I have seen rings of smoke through the trees and the voices of those who stand looking.
There's a fire starting in my heart reaching a fever pitch, and it's bringing me out the dark. Finally, I can see you crystal clear. Go ahead and sell me out, and I'll lay your ship bare. See how I'll leave with every piece of you. Don't underestimate the things that I will do.
There's a harsh truth to face. No way I'm gonna make it on the outside. All I do anymore is think of ways to break my parole, so maybe they'd send me back. Terrible thing, to live in fear. Brooks Hatlen knew it. Knew it all too well. All I want is to be back where things make sense. Where I won't have to be afraid all the time. Only one thing stops me. A promise I made to Andy.
There's a hole in the world like a great black pit. And the vermin of the world inhabit it. And its morals aren't worth what a pig could spit. And it goes by the name of London.
There's a lady who's sure all that glitters is gold and she's buying a stairway to heaven. When she gets there she knows if the stores are all closed with a word she can get what she came for.
There's a love that's divine and it's yours and it's mine. Like the sun at the end of the day, we should give thanks and pray to the One.
There's a lullaby, saving us a riot. Giving back the time, stilling my desire. She knows it's mad, the snow's come back. The rose un-burned, the page un-turned. Dust your conscience off, you'd better stop. This stubborn mind don't feel too kind. I'll find out why it's in her eyes...
There's a piece of Maria in every song that I sing. And the price of a memory is the memory of the sorrow it brings.
There's a piece of Maria in every song that I sing. And the price of a memory is the memory of the sorrow it brings. And there is always one last light to turn out and one last bell to ring. And the last one out of the circus has to lock up everything.
There's a side to you that I never knew. All the things you'd say, they were never true. And the games you play you would always win.
There's a sign on the wall but she wants to be sure cause you know sometimes words have two meanings. In a tree by the brook, there's a songbird who sings, sometimes all of our thoughts are misgiven.
There's a simplicity to war: Attacking is the only secret. Dare, and the world yields. How quickly they forget that all it takes to change the course of history is the will of a single man.
There's a sort of evil out there. Something very, very strange in these old woods. Call it what you want. A darkness, a presence. It takes many forms but it's been out there for as long as anyone can remember and we've always been here to fight it.
There's a stark difference between the words 'prodigy' and 'genius.' Prodigies can very quickly learn what other people have already figured out; geniuses discover that which no one has ever previously discovered. Prodigies learn; geniuses do.
There's a storm coming, Mr. Wayne. You and your friends better batten down the hatches, because when it hits, you're all gonna wonder how you ever thought you could live so large and leave so little for the rest of us.
There's a teleportation grid that runs throughout Halo. That's how the monitor moves about so quickly. I learned how to tap into the grid when I was in the control center. Unfortunately, each jump requires a rather consequential expenditure of energy.
There's a world of difference between being called crow-head and being called carrots. I shall never forgive Gilbert Blythe. The iron has entered my soul, Diana. My mind is made up; my red hair is a curse.
There's an infestation in my mind's imagination. I hope they choke on smoke 'cause I'm smoking them out the basement. This is not rap, this is not hip-hop, just another attempt to make the voices stop. Rapping to prove nothing, just writing to say something 'cause I wasn't the only one who wasn't rushing to say nothing. This doesn't mean I lost my dream. It's just right now I got a really crazy mind to clean.
There's an old joke, two elderly women are at a Catskills mountain resort, and one of them says, "Boy, the food at this place is really terrible." The other one says, "Yeah, I know, and such small portions!" Well, that's essentially how I feel about life. Full of loneliness, and misery, and suffering, and unhappiness, and it's all over much too quickly.
There's an old voice in my head that's holding me back. Well, tell her that I miss our little talks.
There's an old voice in my head that's holding me back. Well, tell her that I miss our little talks. Soon it will be over and buried with our past. We used to play outside when we were young and full of life and full of love.
There's bound to be rough waters and I know I'll take some falls, but with the good Lord as my captain I can make it through them all.
There's enough to pass around, you don't gotta wait in line. And the clocks don't work, you don't gotta check the time. And the blinds don't work, you don't gotta check the sky. We be going all night, till light.
There's lots to see. Nothin' to block your view. Like the mountains back there. They're uh... Well, what the hell? I could've sworn there was a big mountain range back there. Juttin' up into the sky all purple and majestic. I must be thinkin' of a postcard I saw or somethin'. Hey, it is kinda flat, thanks for pointin' that out.
There's no pretty way to put this. I grew up in the suburbs. I guess most people think of the suburb as a place with all the disadvantages of the city and none of the advantages of the country. And vice versa. But in a way those really were the wonder years for us there in the suburbs. It was kind of a golden age for kids.
There's no such thing as a painless lesson, they just don't exist. Sacrifices are necessary. You can't gain anything without losing something first. Although if you can endure that pain and walk away from it, you'll find that you now have a heart strong enough to overcome any obstacle. Yeah... a heart made fullmetal.
There's no sunshine, this impossible year. Only black days and sky grey and clouds full of fear, and storms full of sorrow that won't disappear. Just typhoons and monsoons, this impossible year. There's no good times, this impossible year. Just a beachfront of bad blood and a coast that's unclear. All the guests at the party, they're so insincere. They just intrude and exclude, this impossible year.
There's no truth in the courtroom. There's just your version of what happened versus theirs. That's how the justice system works. It's not what's right and what's fair. It's who tells the most convincing story.
There's not a day goes by I don't feel regret. Not because I'm in here, because you think I should. I look back on the way I was then: a young, stupid kid who committed that terrible crime. I want to talk to him. I want to try to talk some sense to him, tell him the way things are. But I can't. That kid's long gone, and this old man is all that's left. I got to live with that.
There's nothing as significant as a human face. Nor as eloquent. We can never really know another person, except by our first glance at him. Because, in that glance, we know everything. Even though we're not always wise enough to unravel the knowledge.
There's nothing as significant as a human face. Nor as eloquent. We can never really know another person, except by our first glance at him. Because, in that glance, we know everything. Even though we're not always wise enough to unravel the knowledge.
There's nothing mysterious about it, He's not working at all. He's playing. Or else He's forgotten all about us. That's the kind of God you people talk about, a country bumpkin, a clumsy, bungling, brainless, conceited, uncouth hayseed. Good God, how much reverence can you have for a Supreme Being who finds it necessary to include such phenomena as phlegm and tooth decay in His divine system of Creation?
There's only one person in the world who's going to decide what I'm going to do and that's me.
There's something about a check that, to a man, is not masculine. I don't know exactly what it is. I think to a man, a check is like a note from your mother that says "I don't have any money, but if you'll contact these people, I'm sure they'll stick up for me. If you just trust me this one time I don't have any money but I have these. I wrote on these; is this of any value at all?"
There's something happening somewhere. Baby, I just know that there is.
There's something moving through the windows and walls, I've seen it before, seen it before. You left me living with a lingering soul, how little you know, how little you know.
There's something waiting in the stratosphere, and it's waiting just to tell us what it's doing here.
There's something way down deep that's eternal about every human being.
There's sometimes a buggy. How many drivers does a buggy have? So, let's just say I'm driving this buggy, and if you fix your attitude, you can ride along with me. Now you will see me one more time, if you do good. You will see me, two more times, if you do bad.
There's that word again: "heavy." Why are things so heavy in the future? Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?
There's two Michael Townleys living in LS. One is 83 and the other is in kindergarten. I asked the teacher to put him on the phone just to be safe. She threatened to call the cops.
Therefore a man shall leave his father and mother and be joined to his wife, and they shall become one flesh.
Therefore the skillful leader subdues the enemy's troops without any fighting; he captures their cities without laying siege to them; he overthrows their kingdom without lengthy operations in the field.
Therefore you should be desirous of hearing patiently the opinions of others, and consider and reflect carefully whether or no he who censures you has reason for his censure; and correct your work if you find that he is right, but if not, then let it seem that you have not understood him, or - in case he is a man whom you esteem - show him by argument why it is that he is mistaken.
Therefore, is it perhaps appropriate to consider the US South as the northernmost reach of the Latin American and Caribbean world? Scholars of the seventeenth through nineteenth centuries would hardly object, as studies of slavery, emancipation, and the black diaspora have long connected the plantation colony of the South with those of Cuba, Brazil, Haiti, and Mexico.
These are my books. I like stories with magic powers in them. Either in kingdoms on Earth or on foreign planets. Usually I prefer a girl hero, but not always.
These college kids out here - they're never gonna get old or out of shape 'cause new ones come along every year. And they're gonna keep calling us 'Cutters'. To them, it's just a dirty word. To me, it's just somethin' else I never got a chance to be.
These contests provided ample opportunity to demonstrate the superiority of alternative keyboard arrangements. That Qwerty survived significant challenges early in the history of typewriting demonstrates that it is at least among the reasonably fit, even if not the fittest that can be imagined.
These memories lose their meaning when I think of love as something new, though I know I'll never lose affection for people and things that went before. I know I'll often stop and think about them.
These mist-covered mountains are a home now for me, but my home is the lowlands and always will be. Someday you'll return to your valleys and your farms and you'll no longer burn to be brothers in arms.
These nights are endless, and a man can sleep through them, or he can enjoy listening to stories, and you have no need to go to bed before it is time. Too much sleep is only a bore. And of the others, any one whose heart and spirit urge him can go outside and sleep, and then, when the dawn shows, breakfast first, then go out to tend the swine of our master.
These people who stand against me may be innocent humans, but I will kill them. I'm ready to strike them down without a moment's hesitation, or the slightest hint of regret! I can do this for you. I'm a monster and I will do what needs to be done. But what will you do, Sir Integra? My guns are prepared for battle, my sights are trained, my magazine is fully loaded, I've pulled the slide and removed the safety, everything is ready and waiting! Still, you must be the one to pull the trigger. So what will you do? I'm waiting for orders, my master.
These premises do not come up to the standard required by this authority. Unless appropriate steps are taken instantly, I shall have no alternative but to prosecute or recommend closure to the appropriate committee of the council. Specifically, lack of proper cleaning routines, dirty and greasy filters, greasy and encrusted deep fat fryer, dirty, cracked, and stained food preparation surfaces, dirty, cracked, and missing wall and floor tiles, dirty, marked, and stained utensils, dirty and greasy interior surfaces of the ventilator hoods.
These questions of good and evil, as important as they are, have no place in a court of law. Only the facts matter. My client claims he acted in self-defense.
These rappers don't know what to do, cause all I did was act me like a Loony Tune. I'll give you all of me until there's nothing left, I swear this summer will be summer camp.
These things gotta happen every five years or so, ten years. Helps to get rid of the bad blood. Been ten years since the last one.
They are important, you understand, without being interesting. Indeed, I have found that it is usually in unimportant matters that there is a field for the observation, and for the quick analysis of cause and effect which gives the charm to an investigation. The larger crimes are apt to be the simpler, for the bigger the crime the more obvious, as a rule, is the motive.
They burned the flag and they demonstrated against us; it's on the cover of the paper today. They have no respect. They have no idea what's going on over there, Mom - the men that are sacrificing their lives. People are dying every day over there, and nobody back here even seems to care.
They call me the king of the spreadsheets, got 'em printed out on my bedsheets. My new computer's got the clocks, it rocks, but it was obsolete before I opened the box. You say you've had your desktop for over a week? Throw that junk away, man, it's an antique.
They can only see the mere show, and never can tell what it really means.
They damaged my stuff. They smashed up my home. Damaged my soul. Look at this... This, this, this, this statue here of impotent rage. This meant more to me than Johnny K meant to anyone! And they smashed it! Those pathetic, midlife crisis, hog-riding, shaven-headed, fruity leather-chap-wearing jerks!
They discussed its ramifications. Possession of grain alcohol was a not to be missed opportunity to dilute genuine liquor. Such a big ship could carry well over a hundred thousand barrels - five hundred railroad tank cars - easily stretched to fifty million bottles.
They do not and did not understand or like machines more complicated than a forge-bellows, a water-mill, or a hand-loom, though they were skilful with tools.
They don't know our world but they know their own.
They don't know that we know they know we know.
They don't want the classic horror films anymore. Today it's all giant bugs. Giant spiders, giant grasshoppers... Who would believe such nonsense?
They got an apartment with deep pile carpet and a couple of paintings from Sears. A big waterbed that they bought with the bread they had saved for a couple of years.
They got an apartment with deep pile carpet and a couple of paintings from Sears. A big waterbed that they bought with the bread they had saved for a couple of years. They started to fight when the money got tight and they just didn't count on the tears.
They got the greatest country in the world here. The highest standard of living. The grossest national product.
They had been given a sign - a powerful, lucid sign - that urban herding and its concomitant technologies are not the proper way to partake of this planet's hospitality. (Actually, there are countless ways to live upon this tremorous sphere in mirth and good health, and probably only one way - the industrialized, urbanized, herding way - to live here stupidly, and man has hit upon that one wrong way.)
They had taken it all away from him now, they had turned away from him and there was nothing for him now. He was alone and there was nothing for him.
They had their faces twisted toward their haunches and found it necessary to walk backward, because they could not see ahead of them. And since he wanted so to see ahead, he looks behind and walks a backward path.
They just use your mind and they never give you credit. It's enough to drive you crazy if you let it. Nine to five for service and devotion. You would think that I would deserve a fat promotion. Want to move ahead but the boss won't seem to let me. I swear sometimes that man is out to get me.
They knew they were privileged to have these choices, but they also knew the stakes were high. These people were asking the big questions: How do I find meaning in my life? Should I have children? What is the most meaningful way to connect with other people? How should I balance my work life with my personal life (and is there a distinction anymore)?
They may have even had a brief discussion about recovering my body, but regulations are clear. In the event a crewman dies on Mars, he stays on Mars. Leaving his body behind reduces weight for the MAV on the trip back. That means more disposable fuel and a larger margin of error for the return thrust. No point in giving that up for sentimentality.
They may torture my body, break my bones, even kill me, then they will have my dead body. Not my obedience!
They often wish that people would just once and for all work out where the hell they wanted to be.
They reminded me that it was my fate to pursue only phantoms, creatures whose reality existed to a great extent in my imagination; for there are people - and this had been my case since youth - for whom all the things that have a fixed value, assessable by others, fortune, success, high positions, do not count; what they must have is phantoms. They sacrifice all the rest, devote all their efforts, make everything else subservient to the pursuit of some phantom. But this soon fades away; then they run after another only to return later on to the first.
They say in chess you've got to kill the queen and then you made it. Oh, I, do you? A funny thing, a king that gets himself assassinated. Hey now, every time I lose altitude.
They say that right after God created man, he took a rib from him and made a chick. That's actually a bit of a creation myth - the truth is, after God saw that man was good, he created another man and saw that it was all good.
They say the past is etched in stone, but it isn't. It's smoke trapped in a closed room, swirling, changing, buffeted by the passing of years and wishful thinking. But even though our perception of it changes, one thing remains constant: the past can never be completely erased. It lingers, like the scent of burning wood.
They say there are no stupid questions. That's obviously wrong; I think my question about hard and soft things, for example, is pretty stupid. But it turns out that trying to thoroughly answer a stupid question can take you to some pretty interesting places.
They say there is a person who will tell you how to survive in this land... oh wait. That's me.
They say truth is the first casualty of war. But who defines what's true? Truth is just a matter of perspective. The duty of every soldier is to protect the innocent, and sometimes that means preserving the lie of good and evil - that war isn't just natural selection played out on a grand scale. The only truth I found is that the world we live in is a giant tinderbox. All it takes... is someone to light the match.
They say truth is the first casualty of war. But who defines what's true? Truth is just a matter of perspective. The duty of every soldier is to protect the innocent, and sometimes that means preserving the lie of good and evil - that war isn't just natural selection played out on a grand scale. The only truth I found is that the world we live in is a giant tinderbox. All it takes... is someone to light the match.
They say, "Find a purpose in your life and live it." But, sometimes, it is only after you have lived that you recognize your life had a purpose, and likely one you never had in mind.
They show you stuff in the military. You wanna know the real battlefield, it's microscopic. We can't even see it. Lucky for me, I got immunizations, but that guy... Well, once you're infected, you're infected.
They told me that you had gone totally insane, and that your methods were unsound.
They typically had very rosy views about their own futures, which they imagined to include successful careers, happy marriages, and good health. When asked to speculate about their roommates' futures, however, their responses were far more realistic.
They used to tell me I was building a dream, and so I followed the mob. When there was earth to plow or guns to bear, I was always there, right on the job. They used to tell me I was building a dream with peace and glory ahead. Why should I be standing in line just waiting for bread? Once I built a railroad, I made it run. Made it race against time. Once I built a railroad, now it's done. Brother, can you spare a dime?
They wanted me to build them a bomb so I took their plutonium and in turn gave them a shoddy bomb casing full of used pinball machine parts. Come on! Let's get you a radiation suit. We must prepare to reload.
They'll never know how tough it is, Dawnie, to be the one who isn't chosen. To live so near to the spotlight and never step in it. But I know. I see more than anybody realizes because nobody's watching me. I saw you last night. I see you working here today. You're not special. You're extraordinary.
They're black, they're brown, they're up, they're down. They're in, they're out, they're all about. They're far, they're near, they're gone, they're here. They're quick and slick and insincere. Beware. Beware. Be a very wary bear.
They're pills that create a sort of temporary forgettingness. So if somebody finds out how you do a trick, you just give 'em one of these, and they forget the whole thing. It's a mainstay of the magician's toolkit, like how clowns always have a rag soaked in ether.
They're talking about things of which they don't have the slightest understanding, anyway. It's only because of their stupidity that they're able to be so sure of themselves.
They, of course, didn't know me; but I knew them all right.
Thing is Butch, right now you got ability. But painful as it may be, ability don't last.
Thing is Butch, right now you got ability. But painful as it may be, ability don't last. Now that's a hard fact of life, but it's a fact of life you're gonna have to get realistic about.
Things are never gonna be the same now. I mean, look at this. You got aliens. You got big green guys tearing down buildings. When I was a kid, I used to draw cowboys and Indians. Actually, it's Native American, but whatever. Yeah. Tell you what, though. It ain't bad, is it? No. Yeah. Kid's got a future. Yeah well, we'll see, I guess. No, hey! You can't saw through that stuff.
Things are so much perplexed and in the dark that several great philosophers looked upon them as altogether unintelligible, and that there was no certain test for the discovery of truth. Even the Stoics agree that certainty is very hard to come at; that our assent is worth little, for where is infallibility to be found?
Things, events, that occupy space yet come to an end when someone dies make us stop in wonder - and yet one thing, or an infinite number of things, dies with every man's or woman's death, unless the universe itself has a memory, as theosophists have suggested. In the course of time there was one day that closed the last eyes that had looked on Christ; the battle of Junin and the love of Helen died with the death of one man. What will die with me the day I die? What pathetic or frail image will be lost to the world? The voice of Macedonio Fernandez, the image of a bay horse in a vacant lot on the corner of Sarrano and Charcas, a bar of sulfur in the drawer of a mahogany desk?
Things, events, that occupy space yet come to an end when someone dies make us stop in wonder.
Think big, think positive, never show any sign of weakness. Always go for the throat. Buy low, sell high. Fear? That's the other guy's problem. Nothing you have ever experienced will prepare you for the absolute carnage you are about to witness. Super Bowl, World Series - they don't know what pressure is.
Think of what you're saying, you can get it wrong and still you think that it's alright. Think of what I'm saying, we can work it out and get it straight or say good night.
Think you're escaping and run into yourself. Longest way round is the shortest way home.
Thirdly, however, these wars could now be waged with the new technology of capitalism. Since this technology, through the camera and the telegraph, also transformed the reporting of war in the press, it now brought its reality more vividly before the literate public.
This 3 hp, 460 V PWM drive and keypad integrates the control unit and motor into a single package. At constant torque the speed can be varied from 180 r/min to 1800 r/min. Above 1800 r/min - up to a maximum of 3600 r/min - the motor operates in the constant horsepower mode. For optimal performance the carrier frequency can be set to any value between 1125 Hz and 18 kHz, albeit with progressive power derating.
This above all: to thine own self be true, and it must follow, as the night the day, thou canst not then be false to any man.
This business is filled to the brim with unrealistic people who thought their bods aged like wine. If you mean it turns to vinegar, it does. If you mean it gets better with age, it don't.
This business is filled to the brim with unrealistic people who thought their bods aged like wine. If you mean it turns to vinegar, it does. If you mean it gets better with age, it don't. Besides Butch, how many fights you think you got left in you anyway? Two? Boxers don't have an old timer's pension. You came close, but you never made it, and if you were gonna make it, you woulda made it by now.
This business is filled to the brim with unrealistic people who thought their bods aged like wine. If you mean it turns to vinegar, it does. If you mean it gets better with age, it don't. Boxers don't have an old timer's pension.
This combinatory play seems to be the essential feature in productive thought - before there is any connection with logical construction in words or other kinds of signs which can be communicated to others.
This country is hard on people. Hard and crazy. Got the devil in it yet folks never seem to hold it to account.
This gentleman has been standing alone against us. Now, he doesn't say that the boy is not guilty; he just isn't sure. Well, it's not easy to stand alone against the ridicule of others, so he gambled for support... and I gave it to him. I respect his motives. The boy is probably guilty, but - eh, I want to hear more. Right now the vote is 10 to 2...
This goodly frame, the earth, seems to me a sterile promontory, this most excellent canopy, the air, look you, this brave o'erhanging firmament, this majestical roof fretted with golden fire, why, it appears no other thing to me than a foul and pestilent congregation of vapours. What a piece of work is a man! How noble in reason! How infinite in faculty! In form and moving how express and admirable! In action how like an angel! In apprehension how like a god! The beauty of the world! The paragon of animals! And yet, to me, what is this quintessence of dust?
This great Nation will endure as it has endured, will revive and will prosper. So, first of all, let me assert my firm belief that the only thing we have to fear is fear itself - nameless, unreasoning, unjustified terror which paralyzes needed efforts to convert retreat into advance.
This guy's walkin' down a street when he falls in a hole. The walls are so steep he can't get out. A doctor passes by and the guy shouts up, "Hey you! Can you help me out?" The doctor writes him a prescription, throws it down the hole and moves on. Then a priest comes along and the guy shouts up, "Father, I'm down in this hole; can you help me out?" The priest writes out a prayer, throws it down in the hole and moves on. Then a friend walks by. "Hey Joe, it's me, can you help me out?" And the friend jumps in the hole. Our guy says, "Are ya stupid? Now we're both down here!" and the friend says, "Yeah, but I've been down here before, and I know the way out."
This has often been truncated to: History... is indeed little more than the register of the crimes, follies, and misfortunes of mankind.
This here is Daisy Domergue. She's wanted dead or alive for murder, so when that sun comes out, I'm taking this woman to hell!
This hole was caused by some kind of explosive. Pretty powerful if it tore through the ship's hull. All I detect down there are pools of coolant. We should continue our search somewhere else.
This is a fundamental truth about any sort of practice: If you never push yourself beyond your comfort zone, you will never improve.
This is a little ridiculous. Okay, so he kills a deer, he tans the hides, he stretches the skins, he makes an anodized aluminum frame, he learns how to extrude and weld, all in about five minutes, huh?
This is a modern day startup but at heart it is no different from PC pioneers like Apple or Microsoft: nerds who share a dream. Their hobby is their business and the culture they've created is identical to that of a thousand other technology companies. First, they dump the idea of 9 to 5. In this industry, you can work any 80 hours per week you like.
This is a modern fairy tale no happy endings no wind in our sails.
This is a particularly auspicious occasion for us this evening, as we have been told that Her Majesty the Queen will be watching part of this show tonight. Now, we don't know exactly when Her Majesty will be tuning in. We understand that at the moment she is watching The Virginian, but we have been promised that we will be informed the moment that she changes the channel. Her Majesty would like everyone to behave quite normally, but her equerry has asked me to request all of you at home to stand when the great moment arrives, although we here in the studio will be carrying on with our humorous vignettes and spoofs in the ordinary way.
This is a plea for peace to the oppressors of the world and to the leaders of nations, corporate profit takers, to the everyday citizen. Greed, envy, fear, hate - the competition has to stop. When you see someone down, now's the time to pick them up. Set our differences aside and never look back.
This is a promise with a catch. Only if you're looking can it find you. 'Cause true love is searching too. But how can it recognize you unless you step out into the light? Don't be sad, I know you will be, but don't give until true love will find you in the end.
This is as brave as I know how to be. I know it's gonna hurt you, but please... be a little proud of me. Goodbye, Doctor.
This is for the record. History is written by the victor. History is filled with liars. If he lives, and we die, his truth becomes written - and ours is lost. Shepherd will be a hero, 'cause all you need to change the world is one good lie and a river of blood. He's about to complete the greatest trick a liar ever played on history. His truth will be the truth. But only if he lives, and we die.
This is H.V. Kaltenborn speaking. Half of official Washington is here to see democracy's finest show: the filibuster. The right to talk your head off. The American privilege of free speech in its most dramatic form. The least man in that chamber, once he gets and holds that floor, by the rules, can hold it and talk as long as he can stand on his feet. Providing always first, that he does not sit down; second, that he does not leave the chamber or stop talking.
This is my last message to you: in sorrow, seek happiness.
This is my most special place in all the world, Ray. Once a place touches you like this the wind never blows so cold again. You feel for it like it was your child. I can't leave Chisholm.
This is my timey-wimey detector. It goes "ding!" when there's stuff. Also, it can boil an egg at 30 paces, whether you want it to or not, actually, so I've learned to stay away from hens. It's not pretty when they blow.
This is not a psychotic breakdown; it's a cleansing moment of clarity.
This is not some apron-wearing mother you're speaking with - I know all about your Valhalla of decadence and I shouldn't have let him go. He's not ready for your world of compromised values and diminished brain cells that you throw away like confetti. Am I speaking to you clearly?
This is nothing! Piece of cake! Producing is being a samurai warrior. They pay you day in, day out for years so that one day when called upon you can respond, your training at its peak, and save the day!
This is one time where television really fails to capture the true excitement of a large squirrel predicting the weather.
This is our hope. This is the faith with which I return to the South. With this faith we will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope. With this faith we will be able to transform the jangling discords of our nation into a beautiful symphony of brotherhood. With this faith we will be able to work together, to pray together, to struggle together, to go to jail together, to stand up for freedom together, knowing that we will be free one day.
This is our monthly "At Ease" weekend. It gives us a chance to let our hair down, although I see you've got a head start in that department. I shouldn't talk though. I'm getting a little shaggy myself. I'd better not stand too close to you. People might think I'm part of the band. I'm joking, of course.
This is pitiful. A thousand people freezing their butts off waiting to worship a rat. What a hype. Groundhog Day used to mean something in this town. They used to pull the hog out, and they used to eat it. You're hypocrites, all of you!
This is radical, hopeful stuff. In fact, as I discovered, this new neuroscience has led to the flowering of an elite subculture of executives, athletes, and marines who are using meditation to improve their focus, curb their addiction to technology, and stop being yanked around by their emotions. Meditation has even been called the "new caffeine." I suspect that if the practice could be denuded of all the spiritual preening and straight-out-of-a-fortune-cookie lingo such as "sacred spaces," "divine mother," and "holding your emotions with love and tenderness," it would be attractive to many more millions of smart, skeptical, and ambitious people who would never otherwise go near it.
This is the end, beautiful friend. This is the end, my only friend - the end of our elaborate plans, the end of everything that stands, the end. No safety or surprise, the end. I'll never look into your eyes, again.
This is the first day of my life. I swear I was born right in the doorway. I went out in the rain, suddenly everything changed; they're spreading blankets on the beach. Yours is the first face that I saw. I think I was blind before I met you. Now I don't know where I am, I don't know where I've been, but I know where I want to go.
This is the most stupid, irresponsible, dangerous thing you have ever done! Is this what you want? Will we have to identify your charred little bodies through their dental records? I want a straight answer! Who did this?
This is the most uncomfortable coffin I've ever been in. Your selection is quite shoddy. You are wasting my time.
This is the story of two sisters, Jessica Tate and Mary Campbell. Jessica lives in a neighborhood known as "rich." Jessica likes life. The only thing about life she would change, if she could, is that she would set it all to music. The Tates have more secrets than they do money. We're approaching Mary Campbell's house. Mary too likes life. Unfortunately, life doesn't seem too crazy about her. As you can see, the Campbells don't have nearly as much money as the Tates. They do, however, have as many secrets.
This is the world that you know. The world as it was at the end of the 20th century. It exists now only as part of a neural interactive simulation that we call the Matrix. You've been living in a dream world, Neo. This is the world as it exists today. Welcome to the desert of the real.
This is what happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object.
This is what we call love. When you are loved, you can do anything in creation. When you are loved, there's no need at all to understand what's happening, because everything happens within you.
This is where I feel safe inside and can let go at the same time. When I'm here, I am open so I can reach the infinite sky. I thought I couldn't want you more, but I was wrong, and when we locked in our stare, then I wanted you more than air.
This is where it all began, gentlemen. The birthplace of Hooli. Peter Gregory's mother's garage. That was Peter's workstation. This was mine. Things sure have changed. But in a way, they've stayed exactly the same. As we forge our new path together, we must remain focused on what's really important... not material success or wealth, but this, the spirit of innovation... a few coders, some ramen, and a dream. And that is why I brought you here. All right. Let me show you the rest of the place.
This is why dreams can be such dangerous things; they smolder on like a fire does, and sometimes consume us completely.
This is why we're here. Because this little gray rock sells for 20 million dollars a kilo. That's the only reason. This is what pays for the whole party, and it's what pays for your science. Those savages are threatening our whole operation. We're on the brink of war and you're supposed to be finding me a diplomatic solution. So use what you've got, and get me some results.
This is your last chance. After this there is no turning back. You take the blue pill: the story ends, you wake up in your bed and believe whatever you want to believe. You take the red pill: you stay in Wonderland, and I show you how deep the rabbit hole goes. Remember, all I'm offering is the truth, nothing more.
This island of merchants is home to many valuable goods. While the sail must come first, do not feel limited to buying only it. Once you have it, feel free to stock up on anything else you think you may need. But remember: there is no time to play. Come back immediately as soon as your errands are done.
This legendary dragon is a powerful engine of destruction. Virtually invincible, very few have faced this awesome creature and lived to tell the tale.
This little droid. I think he's searching for his former master. I've never seen such devotion in a droid before. Ah, he claims to be the property of an Obi-Wan Kenobi. Is he a relative of yours? Do you know what he's talking about?
This made me reflect, how vain an attempt it is for a man to endeavor to do himself honor among those who are out of all degree of equality or comparison with him.
This mystery of use without consumption, of warmth without combustion, seems like magic, but was merely an ingenious application of the art now happily lost but carried to great perfection by your ancestors, of shifting the burden of one's support on the shoulders of others.
This new learning amazes me, Sir Bedevere. Explain again how sheep's bladders may be employed to prevent earthquakes.
This place is like somebody's memory of a town, and the memory is fading. It's like there was never anything here but jungle.
This planet has, or rather had, a problem, which was this: most of the people on it were unhappy for pretty much of the time. Many solutions were suggested for this problem, but most of these were largely concerned with the movements of small green pieces of paper, which is odd because on the whole it wasn't the small green pieces of paper that were unhappy.
This pretentious ponderous collection of religious rock psalms is enough to prompt the question, "What day did the Lord create Spinal Tap, and couldn't he have rested on that day too?"
This story is about Howard Beale who was the news anchorman on UBS TV. In his time, Howard Beale had been a mandarin of television, the grand old man of news, with a HUT rating of 16 and a 28 audience share. In 1969, however, his fortunes began to decline. He fell to a 22 share. The following year, his wife died, and he was left a childless widower with an 8 rating and a 12 share.
This town is very peaceful. Yes, and that is why there are so many flowers. But... I have heard there are places in the world where no flowers bloom. I could never forgive myself if I did nothing to try to bring flowers to such places. That is why I shoot out spores as often as I can. It is my civic duty!
This transmogrifier will turn you into anything at all. All you do is set this indicator, and the machine automatically restructures your chemical configuration. You can be an eel, a baboon, a giant bug, or a dinosaur.
This tree is our symbol. Our affirmation of life, and everyone in this town gives part of their water rations to keep it alive. We've learned, administrator, that hope is a powerful weapon against anything, even drought.
This used to be my playground, this used to be my childhood dream, this used to be the place I ran to whenever I was in need of a friend. Why did it have to end?
This was a triumph! I'm making a note here: huge success! It's hard to overstate my satisfaction. Aperture Science: we do what we must because we can. For the good of all of us, except the ones who are dead. But there's no sense crying over every mistake. You just keep on trying 'til you run out of cake. And the science gets done, and you make a neat gun for the people who are still alive.
This was my only and my constant comfort. When I think of it, the picture always rises in my mind, of a summer evening, the boys at play in the churchyard, and I sitting on my bed, reading as if for life.
This was the first salmon I had seen and perfectly convinced me that we were on the waters of the Pacific Ocean.
This was the most delicious meal he'd had in recent years, and he picked up the shrimp and scallops one after another and swallowed them as if they did not require chewing.
This was the most delicious meal he'd had in recent years, and he picked up the shrimp and scallops one after another and swallowed them as if they did not require chewing. The snow peas were crisp, the bamboo shoots crunchy, and the portabella mushrooms succulent, perfectly done.
This was the story of Howard Beale: the first known instance of a man who was killed because he had lousy ratings.
This won't take long. There. That should give us enough time to make it to a lifeboat.
This world is rotten, and those who are making it rot deserve to die! Someone has to do it, so why not me? Even if it means sacrificing my own mind and soul, it's worth it. Because the world can't go on like this! I wonder what if someone else had picked up this notebook? Is there anyone out there other than me who'd be willing to eliminate the vermin from the world? If I don't do it, then who will? That's just it; there's no one! I can do it! In fact... I'm the only one who can! I'll do it. Using the Death Note, I'll change the world.
This year our members have put more things on top of other things than ever before. But I should warn you, this is no time for complacency. No, there are still many things, and I cannot emphasize this too strongly, not on top of other things. I myself, on my way here this evening, saw a thing that was not on top of another thing in any way.
Thomas Edison's last words were "It's very beautiful over there". I don't know where there is, but I believe it's somewhere, and I hope it's beautiful.
Those who proceed only very slowly can make much greater progress, provided they always follow the right path, than those who hurry and stray from it.
Those who reject the argument that natural science has progressed and social science has languished take up their counterargument at the very foundations of the philosophy of natural science. To begin with, it is sometimes held that the natural sciences have not in fact made the kind of progress ordinarily attributed to them.
Though April showers may come your way, they bring the flowers that bloom in May. So if it's raining, have no regrets, because it isn't raining rain, you know, it's raining violets. And where you see clouds upon the hills, you soon will see crowds of daffodils. So keep on looking for a blue bird and listening for his song whenever April showers come along.
Though I am often in the depths of misery, there is still calmness, pure harmony and music inside me. I see paintings or drawings in the poorest cottages, in the dirtiest corners. And my mind is driven towards these things with an irresistible momentum.
Though I never knew you at all, you had the grace to hold yourself while those around you crawled. They crawled out of the woodwork and they whispered into your brain. They set you on the treadmill and they made you change your name.
Though my story's seldom told, I have squandered my resistance. For a pocketful of mumbles such are promises, all lies and jest. Still, a man hears what he wants to hear and disregards the rest.
Though the sciences cannot answer philosophical questions, individual scientists have to take sides on the right answers to them. The positions scientists take on answers to philosophical questions determine the questions they consider answerable by science and choose to address, as well as the methods they employ to answer them. Sometimes scientists take sides consciously. More often they take sides on philosophical questions by their very choice of question, and without realizing it.
Though understanding the meaning of actions is not directed at uncovering causes, it certainly satisfies some standards of predictive success: the correct interpretation of human actions enables us to navigate successfully in a society of other human beings. When we step back and consider the reliability of the predictions we make regarding the behavior of others, we cannot fail to be impressed with the implicit theory that growing up in society has provided us.
Thought is a soul-garment that is more intimately involved with the soul than speech. For this reason, (a) good thoughts leave a deeper impression on oneself than good speech, and conversely, evil thoughts leave a deeper impression than evil speech; (b) thought is a constant, just as the soul itself is a constant, whereas with regard to speech, "There is a time to keep silence and a time to speak."
Thoughts arrive like butterflies. Oh, he don't know, so he chases them away.
Thousands of groups exist to influence government. Among the major types of interest groups are those that represent the main sectors of the economy. In addition, many public-interest organizations have been formed to represent the needs of the general citizenry, including some single-issue groups.
Three changes occur while the stacked disk structure equilibrates with the high-temperature oven. First, the layer of dough bakes into bread, a low-water-content material with a large number of nonconnecting small air spaces. Second, the tomato paste dehydrates, and third, the mozzarella undergoes a complex series of transitions involving protein denaturation and lipid rearrangement from regular liquid crystal to more disordered states.
Three hidden keys open three secret gates wherein the errant will be tested for worthy traits, and those with the skill to survive these straits will reach the end where the prize awaits.
Three or four generations ago, an order of knights protected the royalty of the Hylia. These Knights of Hyrule were also guardians of the Pendant of Courage. Unfortunately, most of them were destroyed in the great war against evil that took place when the seven wise men created their seal. Among the descendants of the Knights of Hyrule a hero must appear.
Three Rings for the Elven-kings under the sky, Seven for the Dwarf-lords in their halls of stone, Nine for Mortal Men doomed to die, One for the Dark Lord on his dark throne in the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie. One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them in the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie.
Three shiny steel doors stand at the centre of the hallway. Bodies are everywhere. Killed as they waited for an elevator. The eerie silence is broken by a scratching sound. One of the elevator doors pops open an inch. Hands force their way out.
Through error you come to the truth! I am a man because I err! You never reach any truth without making fourteen mistakes and very likely a hundred and fourteen.
Through intensive training and psychological manipulation, an elite team of fanatic followers can be trained to sacrifice even their own lives to accomplish a given mission.
Through meticulous analysis of history, I will find a way to make the people worship me. By studying the conquerors of days gone by, I'll discover the mistakes that made them go awry.
Through the darkness of future past the magician longs to see. One chants out between two worlds. Fire walk with me.
Through these fields of destruction, baptisms of fire, I've witnessed your suffering as the battle raged higher. And though they did hurt me so bad in the fear and alarm you did not desert me, my brothers in arms.
Throughout my academic career, I'd given some pretty good talks. But being considered the best speaker in the Computer Science department is like being known as the tallest of the Seven Dwarfs.
Throw your soul through every open door, count your blessings to find what you look for. Turn my sorrow into treasured gold. You'll pay me back in kind and reap just what you sow.
Thus they went on living in a reality that was slipping away, momentarily captured by words, but which would escape irremediably when they forgot the values of the written letters.
Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day, you fritter and waste the hours in an off-hand way. Kicking around on a piece of ground in your home town, waiting for someone or something to show you the way.
Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day, you fritter and waste the hours in an off-hand way. Kicking around on a piece of ground in your home town, waiting for someone or something to show you the way. Tired of lying in the sunshine, staying home to watch the rain. You are young and life is long, and there is time to kill today. And then, one day you find, ten years have got behind you, no one told you when to run, you missed the starting gun.
Till then, my noble friend, chew upon this: Brutus had rather be a villager than to repute himself a son of Rome under these hard conditions as this time is like to lay upon us.
Till then, my noble friend, chew upon this: Brutus had rather be a villager than to repute himself a son of Rome under these hard conditions as this time is like to lay upon us.
Tim and the Princess lounge in the castle garden, laughing together, giving names to the colorful birds. Their mistakes are hidden from each other, tucked away between the folds of time, safe.
Time grabs you by the wrist, directs you where to go. So make the best of this test, and don't ask why; it's not a question, but a lesson learned in time. It's something unpredictable, but in the end it's right. I hope you had the time of your life.
Time I'm sure will bring disappointments in so many things. It seems to be the way when you're gambling cards on love you play. I'd rather be in hell with you, baby, than in cool heaven.
Time is an ethereal and sometimes cruel goddess. In her relentless passing, she steals away our youth and vitality, often in ways that seem insignificant until we finally realize how much she has taken. Still, she is also a generous deity, who offers to replace what she has seized with a deeper wisdom and a clearer vision of life's enigmas. In this sense, time can be our most powerful ally - if we are patient enough.
Time is dead as long as it is being clicked off by little wheels; only when the clock stops does time come to life.
Time is tricky. You have whole months, even years, when nothing changes a speck, when you don't go anywhere or do anything or think one new thought. And then you can get hit with a day, or an hour, or a half a second when so much happens it's almost like you got born all over again into some brand-new person you for damn sure never expected to meet.
Tis but thy name that is my enemy. Thou art thyself, though not a Montague. What's Montague? It is nor hand, nor foot, nor arm, nor face, nor any other part belonging to a man. O, be some other name! What's in a name? That, which we call a rose by any other word would smell as sweet.
Titanium is extracted from ores, such as rutile, where the form of titanium is as an oxide. Titanium dioxide is reacted with coke and chlorine to produce titanium tetrachloride. The subsequent reaction with magnesium produces magnesium chloride plus a spongy titanium mass, and it occurs usually in an iron retort.
Titanium was discovered in 1790 but not purified until the early 1900s. Moreover, the metal did not become widely used until the second half of the twentieth century. However, titanium now has the accumulated experience of some 50 years of modern industrial practice and design application to support its use.
To an outsider's ear it sounds absurdly wild and ridiculous to speak of the vocation of a thief. However, I venture to assure you that this vocation is a reality.
To be a poet is to have a soul so quick to discern, that no shade of quality escapes it, and so quick to feel, that discernment is but a hand playing with finely-ordered variety on the chords of emotion - a soul in which knowledge passes instantaneously into feeling, and feeling flashes back as a new organ of knowledge.
To be able to say how much you love is to love but little.
To be fair, English is full of booby traps for the unwary foreigner. Any language where the unassuming word "fly" signifies an annoying insect, a means of travel, and a critical part of a gentleman's apparel is clearly asking to be mangled.
To be fond of dancing was a certain step towards falling in love.
To be honest, as this world goes, is to be one man picked out of ten thousand.
To be my own master. Such a thing would be greater than all the magic and all the treasures in all the world! But what am I talking about? Let's get real here, it's not gonna happen. Genie, wake up and smell the hummus.
To be sure, when an analyst says "buy" he may mean "hold," and when he says "hold" he probably means this as a euphemism for "dump this piece of crap as soon as possible."
To be, or not to be: that is the question: whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, or to take arms against a sea of troubles, and by opposing end them?
To continue, you've listened to a long and complex case, murder in the first degree. Premeditated murder is the most serious charge tried in our criminal courts. You've listened to the testimony; you've had the law read to you and interpreted as it applies in this case; it's now your duty to sit down and try to separate the facts from the fancy.
To devise is the work of the master, to execute the act of the servant.
To drive out of the Central Valley of California on a hot day and into San Francisco is to feel like you're landing on another planet.
To drive out of the Central Valley of California on a hot day and into San Francisco is to feel like you're landing on another planet. Over our two-hour drive, the temperature went from nearly a hundred to the middle sixties.
To drive out of the Central Valley of California on a hot day and into San Francisco is to feel like you're landing on another planet. Over our two-hour drive, the temperature went from nearly a hundred to the middle sixties. The visual disparity was as dramatic. On one side of the bay was a day so bright you'd have to squint with the visor down and your sunglasses on. Halfway across the Bay Bridge the fog enveloped us, whipping in strands through the rusted girders. As we crossed into the fog, it didn't seem possible that two such environments could exist side by side.
To drive out of the Central Valley of California on a hot day and into San Francisco is to feel like you're landing on another planet. Over our two-hour drive, the temperature went from nearly a hundred to the middle sixties. The visual disparity was as dramatic. On one side of the bay was a day so bright you'd have to squint with the visor down and your sunglasses on. As we crossed into the fog, it didn't seem possible that two such environments could exist side by side.
To ensure the safe performance of all authorized activities, do not destroy vital testing apparatus.
To evaluate an option from the other side's point of view, consider how they might be criticized if they adopted it. Write out a sentence or two illustrating what the other side's most powerful critic might say about the decision you are thinking of asking for.
To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven: a time to be born, and a time to die; a time to plant, and a time to pluck up that which is planted; a time to kill, and a time to heal; a time to break down, and a time to build up; a time to weep, and a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a time to dance; a time to cast away stones, and a time to gather stones together; a time to embrace, and a time to refrain from embracing; a time to get, and a time to lose; a time to keep, and a time to cast away; a time to rend, and a time to sew; a time to keep silence, and a time to speak; a time to love, and a time to hate; a time of war, and a time of peace.
To feel it so like myself, indeed, so brotherly, made me realize that I'd been happy, and that I was happy still. For all to be accomplished, for me to feel less lonely, all that remained to hope was that on the day of my execution there should be a huge crowd of spectators and that they should greet me with howls of execration.
To feel much for others and little for ourselves; to restrain our selfishness and exercise our benevolent affections, constitute the perfection of human nature.
To go wrong in one's own way is better than to go right in someone else's.
To graduate you need my course, dear boy. So it seems I have something to say about what you do and where you go. So from now on you and Mitch are going to spend every waking moment in the lab. You will solve my power problem, and you will solve it by my deadline.
To make power, people try to put pieces of this metal close enough together that they make heat fast, but not so close that they go out of control and blow up. This is very hard, but there is so much heat and power stored in this metal that some people have wanted to try anyway.
To make you a vampire they have to suck your blood. And then you have to suck their blood. It's like a whole big sucking thing. Mostly they're just gonna kill you.
To me our relationship makes perfect sense. You want me to propose to you, I propose to you. You say no, I say fine, I never wanna see you again. You drive me nuts telling me you want me to propose again, I do, you turn me down. Next thing I know I'm in a court of law where I've got to propose to you or go to jail. It's the classic American love story.
To move through a tree of paths using hill climbing, proceed as in depth-first search, but order the choices according to some heuristic measure of remaining distance. The better the heuristic measure is, the better hill climbing will be relative to ordinary depth-first search.
To my babies: stay strong. Daddy will be home soon. And to the rest of the world, God gave you them shoes that fit you, so put 'em on and wear 'em. Be yourself, man. Be proud of who you are. Even if it sounds corny, never let no one tell you you ain't beautiful.
To pass beyond is what I seek, I fear that I may be too weak. And those are few who've seen it through to glimpse the other side, the promised land is waiting like a maiden that is soon to be a bride.
To produce a mighty book, you must choose a mighty theme. No great and enduring volume can ever be written on the flea, though many there be who have tried it.
To protect you both from the Emperor, you were hidden from your father when you were born. The Emperor knew, as I did, if Anakin were to have any offspring, they would be a threat to him. That is the reason why your sister remains safely anonymous.
To put things simply, if your past makes your present... Then your present can and will make your future. When you think about it that way... You absolutely have the potential to be anything you want to be.
To recap; sitting in the bar today we have among others a man who is actually simple enough to hypnotize himself. I'd like to offer the suggestion that we've seen it all. [Sam enters wearing a military uniform] Happily I stand corrected.
To some, the rules of etiquette may seem outdated, stuffy and unnecessary, but the fact remains that they serve as a sort of social weed-whacker eliminating unsavory growths from popping up in the world's finer gardens.
To some, the rules of etiquette may seem outdated, stuffy and unnecessary, but the fact remains that they serve as a sort of social weed-whacker eliminating unsavory growths from popping up in the world's finer gardens. The truth is that first impressions are usually lasting ones, and a bad first impression can sometimes be insurmountable.
To stand up straight with your shoulders back is to accept the terrible responsibility of life, with eyes wide open. It means deciding to voluntarily transform the chaos of potential into the realities of habitable order. It means adopting the burden of self-conscious vulnerability, and accepting the end of the unconscious paradise of childhood, where finitude and mortality are only dimly comprehended. It means willingly undertaking the sacrifices necessary to generate a productive and meaningful reality (it means acting to please God, in the ancient language).
To the extent that experience is the sum of our memories and wisdom the sum of experience, having a better memory would mean knowing not only more about the world, but also more about myself.
To think that the affairs of this life always remain in the same state is a vain presumption; indeed they all seem to be perpetually changing and moving in a circular course. Spring is followed by summer, summer by autumn, and autumn by winter, which is again followed by spring, and so time continues its everlasting round. But the life of man is ever racing to its end, swifter than time itself, without hope of renewal, unless in the next that is limitless and infinite.
To those who care about punctuation, a sentence such as "Thank God its Friday" (without the apostrophe) rouses feelings not only of despair but of violence. The confusion of the possessive "its" (no apostrophe) with the contractive "it's" (with apostrophe) is an unequivocal signal of illiteracy and sets off a simple Pavlovian "kill" response in the average stickler.
To understand what I'm about to tell you, you need to do something first, you need to believe in the impossible. Can you do that? Good. Because all of us, we've forgotten what miracles look like. Maybe because they haven't made much of an appearance lately. Our lives have become ordinary. But there is someone out there who is truly extraordinary. I don't know where you came from, I don't know your name, but I have seen you do the impossible to protect the city I love. So for those of us who believe in you and what you're doing, I just want to say thank you.
To wash down your chicken nuggets with virtually any soft drink in the supermarket is to have some corn with your corn.
To wash down your chicken nuggets with virtually any soft drink in the supermarket is to have some corn with your corn. Since the 1980s virtually all the sodas and most of the fruit drinks sold in the supermarket have been sweetened with high-fructose corn syrup.
To whom it concerns Darlene's great with a ball but guys don't watch tomboys when they're cruising the hall. To whom it concerns I just turned thirteen. Too short to be quarterback, too plain to be queen. To whom it concerns I'm not made of steel. When I get blindsided, my pain is quite real. I don't mean to squawk but it really burns. I just thought I'd mention it to whom it concerns.
Today I don't feel like doing anything. I just wanna lay in my bed. Don't feel like picking up my phone so leave a message at the tone. 'Cause today I swear I'm not doing anything.
Today is gonna be the day that they're gonna throw it back to you. By now you should've somehow realized what you gotta do. I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do about you now.
Today is the shadow of tomorrow. Today is the present future of yesterday. Yesterday is the shadow of today. The darkness of the past is yesterday. And the light of the past is yesterday. The days of yesterday are all numbered in sum, in the world once, because once upon a time there was a yesterday.
Today you are you, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is youer than you.
Today's the first day of the end of your lives.
Today's Tom Sawyer, he gets by on you. And the space he invades, he gets by on you. No, his mind is not for rent to any god or government. Always hopeful yet discontent. He knows changes aren't permanent but change is. What you say about his company is what you say about society. Catch the witness, catch the wit. Catch the spirit, catch the spit.
Today, almost everyone is an obsessive, well-informed aficionado of something. Pick your cult: there are food geeks and fashion geeks and Desperate Housewives geeks and David Mamet geeks and fantasy sports geeks. The list is endless. And since everyone today is some kind of trivia geek or other, there's not even a stigma anymore. Trivia is mainstream. "Nerd" is the new "cool."
Today, computers have taken this ancient art out of the craftsman's workshop and placed it on the desktop. Desktop publishing revolutionized the creation of printed documents, not only from the standpoint of speed and accuracy, but also by enabling anyone to mass-produce the printed word without investing the many years it takes to learn the trade.
Today, raisins have no seeds. When we pop a raisin into our mouth, we are saved that moment of nervous anticipation we encounter with table grapes, wondering whether we are about to bite into a hard pip. More than 90 percent of all raisins are made from Thompson seedless grapes, exactly the same table grape that is omnipresent in produce sections of the supermarket.
Today, the world has changed. The Soviet Union has splintered into many nations, and the Cold War has been replaced by a confusing realignment of old friends and enemies. The new head of MI6 thinks Bond is an outdated dinosaur whose only interests are fast cars, women, gambling and vodka martinis. She isn't sure that there is a place for Bond in the new world order.
Today, you people are no longer maggots. Today, you are Marines. You're part of a brotherhood. From now on until the day you die, wherever you are, every Marine is your brother. Most of you will go to Vietnam. Some of you will not come back. But the Marine Corps lives forever. And that means YOU live forever.
Tonight I'll dream while in my bed. When silly thoughts go through my head, about the bugs and alphabet, and when I wake tomorrow I'll bet that you and I will walk together again. I can tell that we are going to be friends.
Tonight I'm making deals with the devil, and I know it's gonna get me in trouble. Just as long as you know you got me.
Tonight the light of love is in your eyes, but will you love me tomorrow?
Tony Soprano: All due respect to New York, I don't think you should be tellin' my uncle how to run things. Johnny Sack: You think I got the balls to drive in from New York and tell your uncle how he should run his family? I shouldn't expect to see the Statue of Liberty again if I did that, huh?
Too many times we stand aside and let the waters slip away 'til what we put off 'til tomorrow has now become today. So don't you sit upon the shoreline and say you're satisfied. Choose to chance the rapids and dare to dance the tide.
Too often writers believe that they can emphasize words by putting them in all capital letters. The only problem is that when all capital letters are used, the ability to read the words is reduced dramatically because all the letters are rectangles. A more effective way to emphasize words is sparingly to use bold, italics, underline, and combinations of these styles.
Topology is generally considered to be one of the three linchpins of modern abstract mathematics (along with analysis and algebra). In the early history of topology, results were primarily motivated by investigations of real-world problems. Then, after the formal foundation for topology was established in the first part of the twentieth century, the emphasis turned to its abstract development.
Tough and tuff are two different words. Tough is the same as rough; tuff means cool, sharp-like a tuff Mustang or a tuff record.
Tradition is a trap that allows people to stick their head in the sand. Everything in the past was so quaint, so charming. Times were simpler, kids didn't have sex, neighbors knew each other. It's a friggin' fairy tale. Things sucked then too, they just sucked without indoor plumbing.
Transformers and most electric motors operate on alternating current. In such devices the flux in the iron changes continuously both in value and direction. The magnetic domains are therefore oriented first in one direction, then the other, at a rate that depends upon the frequency.
Translating from one language to another, unless it is from Greek and Latin, the queens of all languages, is like looking at Flemish tapestries from the wrong side, for although the figures are visible, they are covered by threads that obscure them, and cannot be seen with the smoothness and color of the right side.
Traveling through hyperspace ain't like dusting crops, boy! Without precise calculations we could fly right through a star, or bounce too close to a supernova and that'd end your trip real quick, wouldn't it?
Triplets born, the throne awaits, a seer warns of a deadly fate. Give up your children, separate. Bide your time. Lie in wait! Sonic Underground! Sonic Underground! They made a vow their mother will be found. The children grow - learn what's right. Leaders of the freedom fight. They seek their mother. She knows they do. Is it time? If she only knew. Will the prophecy come true? Sonic Underground! Sonic Underground! "I long for my children, but I have to wait. To act too soon could seal their fate." They made a vow their mother will be found. Sonic Underground!
Trivia, as I've said before, shouldn't really be called "trivia." Facts about history, geography, books, movies, music - this is the stuff that used to be called good old-fashioned "general knowledge," the stuff that everybody was supposed to remember from school, regardless of their career niche.
Trudging slowly over wet sand, back to the bench where your clothes were stolen. This is the coastal town that they forgot to close down. Armageddon - come Armageddon, come.
Truly I was born to be an example of misfortune, and a target at which the arrows of adversary are aimed.
Trust your luck, Taran Wanderer. But don't forget to put out your nets!
Truth is, identity theft isn't hard. A number and an ID is all you need to drain a bank account and return some money to some very surprised retirees. But why stop there? As long as you're stealing someone's identity, why not use it to contact some known terrorist organizations on unsecured phone lines? Why not use it to threaten federal judges and insult the local drug cartel? Most fun I've had in Miami.
Try to keep in mind that a young person playing Willie Loman thinks he's only pretending to be at the end of a life full of despair. But the tragedy is that we know that you, the young actor will end up in this very place of desolation.
Turn me loose from your hands, let me fly to distant lands over green fields, trees and mountains, flowers and forest fountains. Home along the lanes of the skyway.
Twilight, again. Another ending. No matter how perfect the day is, it always has to end.
Two households, both alike in dignity (in fair Verona, where we lay our scene), from ancient grudge break to new mutiny, where civil blood makes civil hands unclean. From forth the fatal loins of these two foes a pair of star-crossed lovers take their life; whose misadventured piteous overthrows doth with their death bury their parents' strife.
Two parallel developments on either side of the Atlantic would, from the 1960s, refashion the approach to this fundamental question: the emergence of a fully fledged African history and the refinement of the original Herskovits-Frazier debate with the formulation of the theory of New World creolization. It is easy to overlook the fact that the study of black cultures in the Americas was pioneered before that of the history of the African continent itself.
Two plus two is four, minus one that's three, quick maths. Everyday man's on the block, smoke trees. See your girl in the park, that girl is a uckers. When the ting went quack-quack-quack, you man were ducking. Hold tight, Asnee, he's got the pumpy. Hold tight, my man, he's got the frisbee. I trap, trap, trap on the road, movin' that cornflakes. Rice Krispie, hold tight, my girl Whitney (perfect). On the road doin' ten toes, like my toes. You man thought I froze, I see a peng girl, then I pose. If she's not on it, I ghost, hah, look at your nose.
Two years ago this property cost one million pounds. Today, it costs five million. How did this happen? Attractive tax opportunities for foreign investment, restrictive building consent and massive hedge fund bonuses. London, my good man, is fast becoming the financial and cultural capital of the world.
Two years ago this property cost one million pounds. Today, it costs five million. How did this happen? Attractive tax opportunities for foreign investment, restrictive building consent and massive hedge fund bonuses. London, my good man, is fast becoming the financial and cultural capital of the world. And of course the Russians have come to town.
Typing competitions provided another test of the Qwerty keyboard. These competitions are somewhat underplayed in the conventional history. In fact, typing contests and demonstrations of speed were fairly common during this period. They involved many different machines, with various manufacturers claiming to hold the speed record.
Typing competitions provided another test of the Qwerty keyboard. These competitions are somewhat underplayed in the conventional history. They involved many different machines, with various manufacturers claiming to hold the speed record.
Tyrone: "I don't want that dog dribbling on my seats." Vinny: "Your seats? Tyrone, this is a stolen car, mate." Tyrone: "While I'm at the wheel, it's my car. Just stop that dog dribbling on my seats, alright?"
Uh, no, there's more. One time I accidentally drank an entire bottle of vinegar. I thought it was terrible wine. Once, I went out with a guy who wore 3D glasses the entire evening. Oh, one time I rode in a sidecar on a guy's motorcycle, and the sidecar detached and went down a flight of stairs. Another time I went to a really boring movie with a guy, and while I was asleep he tried to pull out one of my teeth. I literally woke up with his hand in my mouth. We went out a couple times after that but then he got weird.
Ultimately, the real yield on stocks - and, therefore, through arbitrage, the real yield on longer bonds - is determined by the profitability of corporations and the real return that they earn on their capital. It is useful to distinguish between physical and financial returns. The return on physical capital includes here the return on the organization, management, and the so-called human capital - that is, the education, training, experience, and esprit de corps of the workforce.
Ultimately, this is not about solving your problems. It's about realizing that there are no problems. Only situations - to be dealt with now, or to be left alone and accepted as part of the "isness" of the present moment until they change or can be dealt with.
Unbeknownst to most ornithologists, the dodo was actually a very advanced species, living alone quite peacefully until, in the 17th century, it was annihilated by men, rats, and dogs. As usual.
Unbeknownst to most students of psychology, Pavlov's first experiment was to ring a bell and cause his dog to attack Freud's cat.
Unbelievable, that old Biff could have chosen that particular date. It could mean that that point in time inherently contains some sort of cosmic significance. Almost as if it were the temporal junction point for the entire space-time continuum. On the other hand, it could just be an amazing coincidence.
Under such circumstances I naturally gravitated to London, that great cesspool into which all the loungers and idlers of the Empire are irresistibly drained.
Under the headline "Wonderful Typing," the New York Times reported on a typing demonstration given the previous day in Brooklyn by a Thomas Osborne of Rochester, New York. The Times reported that Mr. Osborne "holds the championship for fast typing, having accomplished 126 words a minute at Toronto August 13, 1888."
Under the lights when everything goes. Nowhere to hide when I'm getting you close when we move, well, you already know.
Underneath the bridge the tarp has sprung a leak and the animals I've trapped have all become my pets and I'm living off of grass and the drippings from the ceiling but it's okay to eat fish 'cause they don't have any feelings.
Undoubtedly, philosophers are in the right when they tell us that nothing is great or little otherwise than by comparison.
Unfortunately, I didn't get a good look at him - the light was reflecting off the windshield - but he was heavy set. It was really dark. I didn't want them to see me. I heard gunshots but I... I thought it was kids with firecrackers, and then when two men drove out in a car I crouched down in the ragweed.
Unhappy is he to whom the memories of childhood bring only fear and sadness. Wretched is he who looks back upon lone hours in vast and dismal chambers with brown hangings and maddening rows of antique books, or upon awed watches in twilight groves of grotesque, gigantic, and vine-encumbered trees that silently wave twisted branches far aloft. Such a lot the gods gave to me - to me, the dazed, the disappointed; the barren, the broken. And yet I am strangely content, and cling desperately to those sere memories, when my mind momentarily threatens to reach beyond to the other.
Unjust laws exist: shall we be content to obey them, or shall we endeavor to amend them, and obey them until we have succeeded, or shall we transgress them at once? Men, generally, under such a government as this, think that they ought to wait until they have persuaded the majority to alter them. They think that, if they should resist, the remedy would be worse than the evil. But it is the fault of the government itself that the remedy is worse than the evil. It makes it worse.
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better... It's not.
Unlike the other four senses located in the logical regions of the forebrain, our sense of smell is wired directly into the limbic system, the so-called "reptilian" cellar of the brain responsible for our most basic emotions, from rage to lust.
Until they became conscious they will never rebel, and until after they have rebelled they cannot become conscious.
Until writing was invented, man lived in an acoustic space: boundless, directionless, horizonless, in the dark of the mind, in the world of emotion, by primordial intuition, by terror. Speech is a social chart of this bog.
Up ahead they's a thousan' lives we might live, but when it comes it'll on'y be one.
Up before daybreak, but still not early enough, as the Imperial Light Horse and a battery of Natal Artillery had already gone towards Elandslaagte, about sixteen miles from here, at three o'clock. It was bitterly cold when we started, and for a couple of hours of our journey. About half a mile beyond Modder's Spruit Station we met a man walking along the road in his socks, carrying a pair of heavy boots. He told us he had just escaped from the Boers, after having been, with thirty other miners, their prisoner since Thursday last. His feet were sore from running in the big boots, and he was nearly exhausted.
Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
Using the laser guide, you can steer your rocket past the gunship defenses and prevent it from shooting down your rocket. This will only anger it at first. But if you can survive long enough to make several direct hits, you will be rewarded with a prize worthy of any mantle piece.
Usually rockslides take place in a geologic setting where the rock strata are inclined, or where joints and fractures exist parallel to the slope. When such a rock unit is undercut at the base of the slope, it loses support, and the rock eventually gives way.
V: I can assure you, I mean you no harm. Evey: Who are you? V: Who? Who is but the form following the function of what, and what I am is a man in a mask. Evey: Well, I can see that. V: Of course you can. I'm not questioning your powers of observation, I'm merely remarking upon the paradox of asking a masked man who he is.
Valley (or graben) breezes and mountain breezes are a very localized phenomenon. They relate directly to daily temperature variations between summits and bases. Since it is in the highest reaches that the maximum diurnal range is attained, it is the summits which drive the mechanism. Nights in the mountains are colder than those in the valleys below, especially if moist air collects in those valleys.
Vanity and pride are different things, though the words are often used synonymously. A person may be proud without being vain. Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves, vanity to what we would have others think of us.
Very often research which has deeply interested me while I was investigating it loses its interest for me just after I have the solution, unhappily at a time which coincides with the period when I have to record it. After a while, say a couple of months, I come to a more just appreciation of it.
Very well - I'll bide my time. And as for you, my fine lady, it's true I can't attend to you here and now as I'd like, but just try to stay out of my way - just try! I'll get you, my pretty, and your little dog too!
Very well, gentlemen. This, and maybe other similar things, is what I have to say in my defense. Perhaps one of you might be angry as he recalls that when he himself stood trial on a less dangerous charge, he begged and implored the jurymen with many tears, that he brought his children and many of his friends and family into the court to arouse as much pity as he could, but that I do none of these things, even though I may seem to be running the ultimate risk.
Very well. You belong to that unfortunate category that I would call the "Park Avenue brat." A spoiled child who's grown up in ease and luxury, who's always had her own way, and whose misdirected energies are so childish that they hardly deserve the comment, even of a butler on his off Thursday.
Very well. You want to do business with me. I will do business with you.
Video killed the radio star. In my mind and in my car, we can't rewind, we've gone too far. Pictures came and broke your heart.
Vigorous writing is concise. A sentence should contain no unnecessary words, a paragraph no unnecessary sentences, for the same reason that a drawing should have no unnecessary lines and a machine no unnecessary parts. This requires not that the writer make all his sentences short, or avoid all detail and treat subjects only in outline, but that every word tell.
Vincent, Mr. Joe Zasa now owns what used to be the Corleone family business in New York. Out of the kindness of his heart he gave you a job with his family. Contrary to my advice you took the job. I offered you something better. Something in the legitimate world. You turned me down. Now you both come to me with this bad blood. What do you expect me to do? Am I a gangster?
Vinny: "It's a four ton truck, Tyrone, it's not as though it's a packet of peanuts, is it?" Tyrone: "It was at a funny angle!" Vinny is confused as to this last statement, "It was behind you, Tyrone, whenever you reverse things come from behind you!"
Vividly spilling a million lilting rhythms and synonyms with a divinity in him, just winning at anything you might go giving him, finishing with only the possibility of pinnacling at infinity.
Voila! In view, a humble vaudevillian veteran cast vicariously as both victim and villain by the vicissitudes of fate. This visage, no mere veneer of vanity, is a vestige of the vox populi, now vacant, vanished. However, this valourous visitation of a bygone vexation stands vivified and has vowed to vanquish these venal and virulent vermin vanguarding vice and vouchsafing the violently vicious and voracious violation of volition!
Voldemort himself created his worst enemy, just as tyrants everywhere do! Have you any idea how much tyrants fear the people they oppress? All of them realize that, one day, amongst their many victims, there is sure to be one who rises against them and strikes back!
Vowels were something else. He didn't like them and they didn't like him. There were only five of them, but they seemed to be everywhere.
Vowels were something else. He didn't like them and they didn't like him. There were only five of them, but they seemed to be everywhere. Why, you could go through twenty words without bumping into some of the shyer consonants, but it seemed as if you couldn't tiptoe past a syllable without waking up a vowel. Consonants, you know pretty much where you stood, but you could never trust a vowel.
Waiter: What is your name? Aladeen: Allison Burgers. Waiter: That's a made up name. What's your real name? Aladeen: Ladiz. Waiter: Ladiz what? Aladeen: Ladiz Washroom. Waiter: So your name is like the sign. Ladies washroom? That is a made up name, what is your real name? I am interested. We are interested. Aladeen: Emplyes. Waiter: Emplyes what!? Aladeen: Emplyes Mustwashhands. Waiter: That is a made up name. What is your real name? Aladeen: Max. Waiter: Max what? Aladeen: Imumoccupancy120. Waiter: There's a number in the name? WHO ARE YOU!?
Waits at the window, wearing the face that she keeps in a jar by the door. Who is it for?
Waldo Jeffers had reached his limit. It was now Mid-August which meant he had been separated from Marsha for more than two months. Two months, and all he had to show was three dog-eared letters and two very expensive long-distance phone calls. True, when school had ended and she'd returned to Wisconsin, and he to Locust, Pennsylvania, she had sworn to maintain a certain fidelity. She would date occasionally, but merely as amusement. She would remain faithful.
Walk on the wall again. Climb the tower. Ride the river. Stare at the frescoes. I want to sit in the garden and read one more good book.
Walked out this morning, I don't believe what I saw: a hundred billion bottles washed up on the shore. Seems I'm not alone in being alone. A hundred billion castaways looking for a home.
Walking around with my little rain cloud hanging over my head and it ain't coming down. Where do I go? Gimme some sort of sign. You hit me with lightning, maybe I'll come alive.
Wanna know what kills more police than bullets and liquor? Boredom. They just can't handle that. You keep it boring, String. You keep it dead boring.
War! The Republic is crumbling under attacks by the ruthless Sith Lord, Count Dooku. There are heroes on both sides. Evil is everywhere. In a stunning move, the fiendish droid leader, General Grievous, has swept into the Republic capital and kidnapped Chancellor Palpatine, leader of the Galactic Senate. As the Separatist Droid Army attempts to flee the besieged capital with their valuable hostage, two Jedi Knights lead a desperate mission to rescue the captive Chancellor...
Warmer water increases the moisture content of storms, and warmer air holds more moisture. When storm conditions trigger a downpour, more of it falls in the form of big, one-time rainfalls and snowfalls.
Warmer water increases the moisture content of storms, and warmer air holds more moisture. When storm conditions trigger a downpour, more of it falls in the form of big, one-time rainfalls and snowfalls. Partly as a result, the number of large flood events has increased decade by decade, on every continent.
Warning lights are flashing down at Quality Control. Somebody threw a spanner and they threw him in the hole. There's rumors in the loading bay and anger in the town. Somebody blew the whistle and the walls came down. There's a meeting in the boardroom. They're trying to trace the smell. There's leaking in the washroom, there's a sneak in personnel. Somewhere in the corridors someone was heard to sneeze. Goodness me, could this be Industrial Disease?
Was it all put into words, or did both understand that they had the same thing at heart and in their minds, so that there was no need to speak of it aloud, and better not to speak of it?
Was life like that? You could look ahead to the future or back at the past, but the present moved too quickly to absorb. Maybe sometimes. Not today.
Wasn't it Salvatore Luciana, better known as Charlie "Lucky" Luciano, who organized the five families? Lucchese, Gambino, Bonnano, Profaci.
Water. Earth. Fire. Air. Long ago the four nations lived together in harmony. Then, everything changed when the Fire Nation attacked. Only the Avatar, master of all four elements, could stop them, but when the world needed him most, he vanished. A hundred years passed and my brother and I discovered the new Avatar, an airbender named Aang. And although his airbending skills are great, he has a lot to learn before he's ready to save anyone. But I believe Aang can save the world.
Waving colored flags, we won't surrender, there's no standing down. Love's a playing field, it's full of winners, we're breaking new ground.
Way down upon the Swanee River, far, far away, there's where my heart is turning ever, there's where the old folks stay. All up and down the whole creation, sadly I roam. Still longing for the old plantation, and for the old folks at home.
We acquire a taste for salt. By consuming less salt, we can lose this acquired taste. This has happened to me and I find that I no longer like the salty taste of ham or bacon. Processed foods often have sodium added and provide us with far more sodium than fresh foods. Limiting processed foods, limiting salt at the table, and limiting salt used in cooking are the three main ways to reduce sodium in your diet.
We all carry around so much pain in our hearts. Love and pain and beauty. They all seem to go together like one little tidy confusing package. It's a messy business, life. It's hard to figure - full of surprises. Some good. Some bad.
We all crave for love, for it can lift us to the stars; equally, losing it can be devastating. Love can change us for life like nothing else. Can the ancient wisdom be a fit guide for us here? The answer is yes, for two reasons. One is that human emotions do not change as centuries pass; the other is the fact that this wisdom is based on a profound belief that the cosmos exists because of love.
We all have life storms, and when we get the rough times and we recover from them, we should celebrate that we got through it. No matter how bad it may seem, there's always something beautiful that you can find.
We all have such fateful objects - it may be a recurrent landscape in one case, a number in another - carefully chosen by the gods to attract events of specific significance for us: here shall John always stumble; there shall Jane's heart always break.
We all have too many wheels, screws and valves to judge each other on first impressions or one or two pointers. I don't understand you, you don't understand me and we don't understand ourselves.
We all know him to be a proud, unpleasant sort of man; but this would be nothing if you really liked him.
We all know people who are very bright but who do not always shine when it comes to being logical. They have the ability to think logically - that is, clearly and effectively - but that ability does not habitually manifest itself.
We all know people who are very bright but who do not always shine when it comes to being logical. They have the ability to think logically but that ability does not habitually manifest itself.
We all know that something is eternal. And it ain't houses and it ain't names, and it ain't earth, and it ain't even the stars... everybody knows in their bones that something is eternal, and that something has to do with human beings. All the greatest people ever lived have been telling us that for five thousand years and yet you'd be surprised how people are always losing hold of it. There's something way down deep that's eternal about every human being.
We all love a good story. We all love a tantalizing mystery. We all love the underdog pressing onward against seemingly insurmountable odds. We all, in one form or another, are trying to make sense of the world around us. And all of these elements lie at the core of modern physics.
We all, every one of us, carry a star inside our chests. Light and darkness are always side-by-side. If you show even the slightest fear or tears to the darkness, it will immediately swell and come attacking, and swallow up the light. Serenity, in order to defeat the darkness and dark souls, you must keep the star inside your chest burning brightly at all times. That is your most important charge.
We all, everyone one of us, carry a star inside our chests. Light and darkness are always side-by-side. If you show even the slightest fear or tears to the darkness, it will immediately swell and come attacking, and swallow up the light. Serenity, in order to defeat the darkness and dark souls, you must keep the star inside your chest burning brightly at all times. That is your most important charge.
We are amidst strange beings, in a strange land. The flow of time itself is convoluted, with heroes centuries old phasing in and out. The very fabric wavers and relations shift and obscure. There's no telling how much longer your world and mine will remain in contact. But, use this, to summon one another as spirits, cross the gaps between the worlds, and engage in jolly cooperation!
We are being watched. The government has a secret system, a machine that spies on you every hour of every day. I designed the machine to detect acts of terror but it sees everything. Violent crimes involving ordinary people. The government considers these people "irrelevant". We don't. Hunted by the authorities, we work in secret. You'll never find us, but victim or perpetrator, if your number's up... we'll find you.
We are going to die, and that makes us the lucky ones. Most people are never going to die because they are never going to be born.
We are going to die, and that makes us the lucky ones. Most people are never going to die because they are never going to be born. The potential people who could have been here in my place but who will in fact never see the light of day outnumber the sand grains of Arabia. Certainly those unborn ghosts include greater poets than Keats, scientists greater than Newton.
We are one, but we are many. And from all the lands on earth we come. We'll share a dream and sing with one voice. "I am, you are, we are Australian."
We are Sex Bob-Omb and we are here to make you think about death and get sad and stuff!
We are talking about my wife and my best friend. And yes, I do trust them! You see, there's your difference between your generations right there, Archie. You've been spending the last 30 years checking under every bed for a Communist and going around thinking you're better and holier than they are with your stinkin' Puritan ethic, and what have you got to show for it?
We are the bright new stars born of a screaming black hole, the nascent suns burst from the darkness, from the grasping void of space that folds and swallows - a darkness that would devour anyone not as strong as we. We are oddities, sideshows, talk show subjects. We capture everyone's imagination.
We are the world, we are the children. We are the ones who make a brighter day, so let's start giving. There's a choice we're making. We're saving our own lives. It's true we'll make a better day, just you and me.
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be very careful what we pretend to be.
We barely remember who or what came before this precious moment, choosing to be here right now.
We began to recognize in them a strange obsession. After all, they are emotionally inexperienced, with only a few years in which to store up the experiences which you and I take for granted. If we gift them with a past, we create a cushion or a pillow for their emotions, and consequently, we can control them better.
We believe not in death but in life and there is no object more valuable than a man's life.
We call ourselves Runners. We exist on the edge between the gloss and the reality: the mirror's edge. We keep out of trouble, out of sight, and the cops don't bother us. Runners see the city in a different way. We see the flow. Rooftops become pathways and conduits, possibilities and routes of escape. The flow is what keeps us running, keeps us alive.
We can experience nothing but the present moment, live in no other second of time, and to understand this is as close as we can get to eternal life.
We can now get these kids to buy just about anything. We can have them chasing a new trend every week. And that is good for the economy. And what's good for the economy is good for the country.
We can't have full knowledge all at once. We must start by believing; then afterwards we may be led on to master the evidence for ourselves.
We climbed, he first and I behind, until through a small round opening ahead of us, I saw the lovely things the heavens hold, and we came out to see once more the stars.
We come from two different worlds but there's only one love that could make things easier.
We could love that tractor then as we have loved this land when it was ours.
We deal in illusions, man! None of it is true! But you people sit there, day after day, night after night, all ages, colors, creeds... We're all you know. You're beginning to believe the illusions we're spinning here. You're beginning to think that the tube is reality, and that your own lives are unreal. You do whatever the tube tells you! You dress like the tube, you eat like the tube, you raise your children like the tube, you even think like the tube! This is mass madness, you maniacs!
We didn't start the fire. It was always burning since the world's been turning. We didn't start the fire. No, we didn't light it, but we tried to fight it.
We do not exist in any other instant. Here in this dimension, you and I are meant to be.
We don't believe what's on TV. Because it's what we want to see. And what we want we know we can't believe. We have all learned to kill our dreams. I need to know. That when I fail you'll still be here. 'Cause if you stick around, I'll sing you pretty sounds and we'll make money selling your hair.
We don't need it to prove out. We've got less than two weeks 'til the election, so we just need to distract them.
We don't need no education. We don't need no thought control. No dark sarcasm in the classroom - teachers leave them kids alone! All in all it's just another brick in the wall.
We don't need no education. We don't need no thought control. No dark sarcasm in the classroom - teachers leave them kids alone! All in all it's just another brick in the wall. "If you don't eat yer meat, you can't have any pudding. How can you have any pudding if you don't eat yer meat?"
We don't read and write poetry because it's cute. We read and write poetry because we are members of the human race. And the human race is filled with passion. And medicine, law, business, engineering, these are noble pursuits and necessary to sustain life. But poetry, beauty, romance, love, these are what we stay alive for.
We don't understand what really causes events to happen. History is the fiction we invent to persuade ourselves that events are knowable and that life has order and direction. That's why events are always reinterpreted when values change. We need new versions of history to allow for our current prejudices.
We enter a spiritual puberty where we snap to the fact that the great transcendent horror is loneliness, excluded encagement in the self. Once we've hit this age, we will now give or take anything, wear any mask, to fit, be part-of, not be Alone, we young. The U.S. arts are our guide to inclusion. A how-to. We are shown how to fashion masks of ennui and jaded irony at a young age where the face is fictile enough to assume the shape of whatever it wears.
We feel that to reveal embarrassing or private things, we have given someone something, that, like a primitive person fearing that a photographer will steal his soul, we identify our secrets, our past and their blotches, with our identity, that revealing our habits or losses or deeds somehow makes one less of oneself.
We fell in love, we had our fun, you always had enough dreams for both of us. I wonder what would come of us if we could trade these ends for beginnings.
We fight every night for something. When the sun sets, we're both the same. Half in the shadows, half burned in flames. We can't look back for nothing. Take what you need, say your goodbyes. I gave you everything and it's a beautiful crime.
We first describe a collection of examples of simple experiments and the associated sample spaces where the assumption of equally likely sample points seems reasonable and then calculate probabilities of some interesting events. These experiments are simple enough that we can just list the sample points after a little thinking.
We found our way back to the city we came from. 'Cause I look back and I thought, man what if I gave up. I watched myself burn and there's nothing I'm ashamed of, 'cause I found my new self and the fire I'm afraid of.
We generally concur that "men" such as a cow, a turkey, a frog, and a fish all possess some spark of consciousness, some kind of primitive "soul" but by God, it's a good deal smaller than ours is - and that, no more and no less, is why we "men" feel that we have the perfect right to extinguish the dim lights in the heads of these fractionally-souled beasts and to gobble down their once warm and wiggling, now chilled and stilled protoplasm with limitless gusto, and not feel a trace of guilt while doing so.
We get some complaints about this swimming obstacle because the water's contaminated. Recruits forget to grab the HazMat suit and end up in my office. Not pretty.
We give it away with nothing left to lose. Got the strongest heart but still the skin can bruise. Only the climb will get you higher, defeat will make a fighter. Stare into the face of the truth.
We go waiting for the stars to come showering down. From Moscow to Mars, universe falling down. You got to look real hard there's a fiery star hidden out there somewhere. Not the satellite of love but a laser shooting out its shiny tongue there.
We got the bubble-headed bleach blonde. Comes on at five. She can tell you 'bout the plane crash with a gleam in her eye. It's interesting when people die. Give us dirty laundry. Can we film the operation? Is the head dead yet? You know, the boys in the newsroom got a running bet. Get the widow on the set! We need dirty laundry.
We had joy, we had fun, we had seasons in the sun, but the hills that we climbed were just seasons out of time.
We have a criminal jury system which is superior to any in the world and its efficiency is only marred by the difficulty of finding twelve men every day who don't know anything and can't read.
We have a Spanish porter at the moment, he's from Barcelona. It'd be quicker to train an ape!
We have a straight shot into the fusion reactor. We need a catalyst explosion to destabilize the magnetic containment fields surrounding the fusion cells. Use an explosive. I recommend a grenade or rocket. If you run out of explosives, there is an armory station located near the engine room's entrance.
We have advantages. We have a cushion to fall back on. This is abundance. A luxury of place and time. Something rare and wonderful. It's almost historically unprecedented. We must do extraordinary things. We have to. It would be absurd not to.
We have all got to exert ourselves a little to keep sane, and call things by the same names as other people call them by.
We have already succeeded. I mean, what are the three terrors of the Fire Swamp? One, the flame spurt - no problem. There's a popping sound preceding each; we can avoid that. Two, the lightning sand, which you were clever enough to discover what that looks like so in the future we can avoid that too.
We have faced our enemies a thousand times or even more; still, they cannot make us kneel. One thousand years of constant war! The giants look for any chance to bring down Asgaard's mighty walls. No matter what they send at us, we will never let it fall!
We hold our rifles in missing hands. We stand tall on missing legs. We stride forward on the bones of our fallen. Then, and only then, are we alive. This pain is ours and no one else's. A secret weapon we wield, out of sight. We will be stronger than ever.
We imagine that when we are thrown out of our usual ruts all is lost, but it is only then that what is new and good begins. While there is life there is happiness. There is much, much before us.
We just don't recognize life's most significant moments while they're happening. Back then I thought, "Well, there'll be other days." I didn't realize that that was the only day.
We know that there is not one person who, after hearing these words, would deny their truth and say that he wanted something else, but he would believe that he had heard exactly what he had desired for a long time - namely, to be melted in unison with his beloved, and the two of them become one. The reason is that our ancient nature was thus and we were whole. And so love is merely the name for the desire and pursuit of the whole.
We know things are bad - worse than bad. They're crazy. It's like everything everywhere is going crazy so we don't go out anymore. We sit in the house and slowly the world we are living in is getting smaller and all we say is, "Please, at least leave us alone in our living rooms. Let me have my toaster and my TV and my steel-belted radials and I won't say anything. Just leave us alone."
We live in a charmed world. If we have money we can buy literally everything. And the majority of us live lifestyles undreamed of only a generation or two ago.
We live in a charmed world. If we have money we can buy literally everything. And the majority of us live lifestyles undreamed of only a generation or two ago. One scientist I met recently told me he reckoned that the average household in Europe or North America has so many devices and such a variety of food and clothing that to produce the same lifestyle in Roman times would have required six thousand slaves.
We live in an age when people do more writing than they have at any other time in history. Not only have computers made it easier to produce clean texts, but they've also allowed average writers to create documents that twenty years ago would have required professional designers.
We live in an age when people do more writing than they have at any other time in history. Not only have computers made it easier to produce clean texts, but they've also allowed average writers to create documents that twenty years ago would have required professional designers.
We live in the flicker - may it last as long as the old earth keeps rolling!
We live where the war is raging, chasing our crazy dreams.
We lived at the carnival in summer. We scared ourselves to death on a ghost train. And just like every ferris wheel stops turning, I guess we had an expiration date so I won't say I love you, it's too late.
We lived on farms, then we lived in cities, and now we're going to live on the internet!
We look not at the things which are what you would call seen, but at the things which are not seen. For the things which are seen are temporal. But the things which are not seen are eternal.
We lose direction, no stone unturned, no tears to damn you when jealousy burns. Cold, cold heart, hard done by you. Some things look better, baby, just passing through.
We lost something the more we specialized - it started to drain away this vast pool of information that everybody knew. Knowledge was what connected us, and now it distinguishes us.
We love people not so much for the good they've done us, as for the good we've done them.
We loved each other with a premature love, marked by a fierceness that so often destroys adult lives.
We may climb into the thin and cold realm of pure geometry and lifeless science, or sink into that of sensation. Between these extremes is the equator of life, of thought, or spirit, or poetry - a narrow belt.
We may formulate the general principle that the tempo is correct when the details and the ensemble are equally perceptible and equally effective. We must remember that the hearer who is listening to a work of Bach's for the first time often feels a moderate tempo to be a quick one, if the modulations are very rich and the contrapuntal writing very complicated.
We may never know who killed Paige. But this isn't about you not going to jail for Paige's murder, this is about you not living a lie. Not hiding. This is about you standing up and being who you are. That's honorable, that's brave, that's heroic, and that's who you are Sully. You're a hero. You fought a war and you were braver than I can ever imagine being. This is just another war - for every gay person who ever wore a uniform. Be brave now.
We might begin by asking why the pregnant man image has been a source of continued fascination throughout the centuries. Mythology, folklore, religion, literature, science, politics, philosophy, anthropology, and psychology as well as theater, film, television, visual culture, and cyberspace all have scores of images and tales attesting to its appeal.
We mortals, men and women, devour many a disappointment between breakfast and dinner-time; keep back the tears and look a little pale about the lips, and in answer to inquiries say, "Oh, nothing!" Pride helps; and pride is not a bad thing when it only urges us to hide our hurts- not to hurt others.
We must take a hard road, a road unforeseen. There lies our hope, if hope it be. To walk into peril - to Mordor. We must send the Ring to the Fire.
We never get to change the past. We never get to know the future. No reason to wish for one place rather than another; no reason to say I wish I were home, or I wish I were in an exotic new place that is not my home. They will all be the same as this place. Here the experience of existing comes clear. This world is our body.
We never see the light of day. We plan this thing for weeks and all they want to do is study. I'm disgusted. I'm sorry but it's not like me. I'm depressed. There was what, no one at the mutant hamster races, we only had one entry into the Madame Curie look-alike contest and he was disqualified later. Why do I bother?
We now know that most of the stars in the sky have worlds around them, but we don't know if there's life on those worlds. We know there's life on our own world, but that doesn't tell us whether life is normal or not. Maybe life is a very strange thing that got started only once, and none of the other worlds have anyone on them to wonder about this question.
We often believe the more we practice a skill or technique - over and over again, many times - the better we'll get. This is not necessarily true. In fact, every time you practice a technique incorrectly, you're increasing your chances of doing it wrong again. It's easy to become very experienced at repeating the same mistakes. Practice doesn't make perfect; only perfect practice makes perfect.
We passionately long that there may be another life in which we shall be similar to what we are here below. But we do not pause to reflect that, even without waiting for that other life, in this life, after a few years we are unfaithful to what we have been, to what we wished to remain immortally.
We penetrated deeper and deeper into the heart of darkness.
We sailed up to the sun, till we found the sea of green and we lived beneath the waves in our yellow submarine.
We sat and drank with the sun on our shoulders and felt like free men. Hell, we could have been tarring the roof of one of our own houses. We were the lords of all creation. As for Andy - he spent that break hunkered in the shade, a strange little smile on his face, watching us drink his beer.
We sit silently and watch the world around us. This has taken us a lifetime to learn. It seems only the old are able to sit next to one another and not say anything and still feel content. The young, brash and impatient, must always break the silence. It is a waste, for silence is pure.
We sit silently and watch the world around us. This has taken us a lifetime to learn. It seems only the old are able to sit next to one another and not say anything and still feel content. The young, brash and impatient, must always break the silence. It is a waste, for silence is pure. Silence is holy. It draws people together because only those who are comfortable with each other can sit without speaking. This is the great paradox.
We sometimes encounter people, even perfect strangers, who begin to interest us at first sight, somehow suddenly, all at once, before a word has been spoken.
We speak of something carried and something carrying, of something led and something leading, of something seen and something seeing, and you understand that these things are all different from one another and how they differ? So there is also something loved and - a different thing - something loving.
We spent as much money as we could, and got as little for it as people could make up their minds to give us. We were always more or less miserable, and most of our acquaintance were in the same condition. There was a gay fiction among us that we were constantly enjoying ourselves, and a skeleton truth that we never did. To the best of my belief, our case was in the last aspect a rather common one.
We stand against the small tide of those who want to make everyone unhappy with conflicting theory and thought.
We stood up for what was right. We fought for moral reasons; we passed laws, struck down laws for moral reasons; we waged wars on poverty, not poor people. We sacrificed; we cared about our neighbors. We put our money where our mouths were, and we never beat our chest. We built great big things, made ungodly technological advances, explored the universe, cured diseases, and we cultivated the world's greatest artists and the world's greatest economy. We reached for the stars, acted like men. We aspired to intelligence; we didn't belittle it; it didn't make us feel inferior. We didn't identify ourselves by who we voted for in our last election and we didn't, we didn't scare so easy.
We think it is time that you recognized that you are masters in someone else's home. Despite the best intentions of the best of you, you must, in the nature of things, humiliate us to control us. General Dyer is but an extreme example of the principle... it is time you left.
We took a perfectly useless psychopath like Valentine, and turned him into a successful executive. And during the same time, we turned an honest, hard-working man into a violently, deranged, would-be killer!
We travelled by the Underground as far as Aldersgate; and a short walk took us to Saxe-Coburg Square, the scene of the singular story which we had listened to in the morning. It was a poky, little, shabby-genteel place, where four lines of dingy two-storied brick houses looked out into a small railed-in enclosure, where a lawn of weedy grass and a few clumps of faded laurel bushes made a hard fight against a smoke-laden and uncongenial atmosphere.
We turn away to face the cold, enduring chill, as the day begs the night for mercy love. The sun so bright it leaves no shadows, only scars, carved into stone on the face of earth. The moon is up and over One Tree Hill we see the sun go down in your eyes.
We turn away to face the cold, enduring chill, as the day begs the night for mercy love. The sun so bright it leaves no shadows, only scars, carved into stone on the face of earth. The moon is up and over One Tree Hill we see the sun go down in your eyes.
We understood each other in a way, me and my mom and my dad. As screwed up as we all were, we did understand each other. My mother, she knew what it's like to feel your entire life like you're drowning with the exception of these moments, these very rare, brief instances, in which you suddenly remember... you can swim.
We use words like honor, code, loyalty. We use these words as the backbone of a life spent defending something. You use them as a punchline. I have neither the time nor the inclination to explain myself to a man who rises and sleeps under the blanket of the very freedom that I provide and then questions the manner in which I provide it. I would rather you just said thank you and went on your way. Otherwise, I suggest you pick up a weapon and stand a post. Either way, I don't give a damn what you think you are entitled to.
We used to look at the stars and confess our dreams, hold each other till the morning light. We used to laugh, now we only fight. Baby, are you lonesome now?
We want a good life with a nose for things, the fresh wind and bright sky to endure my suffering. I'm a hole without a key if I break my tongue. Oh, speaking of tomorrow, how will it ever come?
We want to help you, Mr. Valentine. My brother and I run a privately-funded program to rehabilitate culturally disadvantaged people. We'd like to supply you with a home of your own, a car, a generous bank account, and employment with our company.
We wanted to see if you had the ability to expand your mind to new horizons. And for one brief moment, you did.
We were all in our late twenties or early-to-middle thirties, yet none had found brides or husbands. Although we were all older than our parents were when they had us, the idea of having children ourselves still seemed a far-off abstraction.
We were being treated like equals, but not out of respect. Out of fear. So, I left. I decided I no longer wanted to use my skills to aid in their violence. Instead, I would dedicate my life to becoming a Huntress. So here I am, a criminal hiding in plain view, all with the help of a little, black bow.
We were happy pretending to be other people. We were the happiest couple we knew. And what's the point of being together if you're not the happiest? But Nick got lazy. He became someone I did not agree to marry. He actually expected me to love him unconditionally. Then, he dragged me, penniless, to the navel of this great country, and found himself a newer, younger, bouncier "cool girl".
We were playing checkers. I used to kid her once in a while because she wouldn't take her kings out of the back row. But I didn't kid her much though. You never wanted to kid Jane too much. I think I really like it best when you can kid the pants off a girl when the opportunity arises, but it's a funny thing. The girls I like best are ones I never feel much like kidding. Sometimes I think they'd like it if you kidded them - in fact I know they would - but it's hard to get started, once you've known them a pretty long time and never kidded them.
We were playing checkers. I used to kid her once in a while because she wouldn't take her kings out of the back row. But I didn't kid her much though. You never wanted to kid Jane too much. I think I really like it best when you can kid the pants off a girl when the opportunity arises, but it's a funny thing. The girls I like best are ones I never feel much like kidding.
We were sent here for something. And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are called according to his purpose.
We were the people who were not in the papers. We lived in the blank white spaces at the edges of print.
We were the people who were not in the papers. We lived in the blank white spaces at the edges of print. It gave us more freedom. We lived in the gaps between the stories.
We would ride up the avenue, but we haven't got the price. We would skate up the avenue, but there isn't any ice. We would ride on a bicycle, but we haven't got a bike. So we'll walk up the avenue, yes, we'll walk up the avenue, and to walk up the avenue's what we like.
We'd like to know a little bit about you for our files. We'd like to help you learn to help yourself. Look around you, all you see are sympathetic eyes. Stroll around the grounds until you feel at home.
We'll dispose of these mementos when we're done here. That way you won't be confused by their unexplainable presence in your home.
We'll send him cheesy movies, the worst we can find. He'll have to sit and watch them all and we'll monitor his mind. Now keep in mind Joel can't control when the movies begin or end because he used those special parts to make his robot friends.
We'll use a process that I discovered called gene targeting. The strongest soldiers don't become what they are by acquiring their skills through training or experience, we now know that hereditary factors are far more crucial for creating superior soldiers.
We're a couple of swells, we stop at the best hotels, but we prefer the country far away from the city smells. We're a couple of sports, the pride of the tennis courts; in June, July and August we look cute when we're dressed in shorts.
We're all old enough to know better than to toy with the hearts of children.
We're all pretty bizarre. Some of us are just better at hiding it, that's all.
We're all taught from a young age that there are only two choices: pink or blue, Bratz or Power Rangers, cheerleading or football. We see gender in two dimensions because that's what society taught us from birth. But, are you ready for a shocking revelation? Society needs to change.
We're always thinking of eternity as an idea that cannot be understood, something immense. But why must it be? What if, instead of all this, you suddenly find just a little room there, something like a village bath-house, grimy, and spiders in every corner, and that's all eternity is. Sometimes, you know, I can't help feeling that that's what it is.
We're bobbing along in our barrel. Some of us tip right over the edge. But there's one thing really mystifying. It's got me laughing, now it's got me crying. All my life I will be death-defying 'til I know... I wonder, wonder why the wonder falls. I wonder why the wonder falls on me. I wonder, wonder why the wonder falls with everything I touch and hear and see.
We're knights of the Round Table, we dance whene'er we're able. We do routines and chorus scenes with footwork impeccable. We dine well here in Camelot. We eat ham and jam and Spam a lot.
We're knights of the Round Table, we dance whene'er we're able. We do routines and chorus scenes with footwork impeccable. We dine well here in Camelot. We eat ham and jam and Spam a lot. We're knights of the Round Table, our shows are formidable. But many times we're given rhymes that are quite unsingable. We're opera mad in Camelot, we sing from the diaphragm a lot. In war we're tough and able, quite indefatigable. Between our quests we sequin vests and impersonate Clark Gable. It's a busy life in Camelot. I have to push the pram a lot.
We're leaving together, but still it's farewell. And maybe we'll come back to earth, who can tell? I guess there is no one to blame. We're leaving ground. Will things ever be the same again? It's the final countdown.
We're living on borrowed time here. Every minute of our life is a minute we steal from them! You see them out there. You know that when we die, we become them. You think we hide behind walls to protect us from the walking dead. Don't you get it? We are the walking dead.
We're no strangers to love. You know the rules and so do I. A full commitment's what I'm thinkin' of. You wouldn't get this from any other guy.
We're no strangers to love. You know the rules and so do I. A full commitment's what I'm thinking of. You wouldn't get this from any other guy. I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling. Gotta make you understand. Never gonna give you up. Never gonna let you down. Never gonna run around and desert you. Never gonna make you cry. Never gonna say goodbye. Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you.
We're not saying anything new here. We're just saying the same things that need to be said again and again with fierce conviction.
We're only making plans for Nigel. He has his future in British Steel. We're only making plans for Nigel. Nigel's whole future is as good as sealed. And if young Nigel says he's happy he must be happy. He must be happy in his work.
We're really seeing a great game here. Uh, it almost - uh, Steve almost lost a man right there at the end of that board. He got a lucky, lucky break. The randomness went the opposite way that it usually goes.
We're so glad to see so many of you lovely people here tonight. And we would especially like to welcome all the representatives of Illinois's law enforcement community who have chosen to join us here in the Palace Hotel Ballroom at this time. We certainly hope you all enjoy the show. And remember, people, that no matter who you are and what you do to live, thrive and survive, there's still some things that makes us all the same. You. Me. Them. Everybody. Everybody.
We're very lucky in the band in that we have two visionaries, David and Nigel. They're like poets, like Shelley and Byron. They're two distinct types of visionaries. It's like fire and ice basically. I feel my role in the band is to be somewhere in the middle of that, kind of like lukewarm water.
We've arranged a global civilization in which most crucial elements profoundly depend on science and technology. We have also arranged things so that almost no one understands science and technology. This is a prescription for disaster.
We've become bored with watching actors give us phony emotions. We are tired of pyrotechnics and special effects. While the world he inhabits is, in some respects, counterfeit, there's nothing fake about Truman himself. No scripts, no cue cards. It isn't always Shakespeare, but it's genuine. It's a life.
We've come up with a camera so tiny it fits into this oversized novelty hat. Now, go get us some incriminating footage. And remember: you have to get in and out for 10 minutes, or you suffer permanent neck damage.
We've had vicious kings and we've had idiot kings, but I don't know if we've ever been cursed with a vicious idiot for a king!
We've known each other for many years but this is the first time you've ever come to me for counsel or for help. I can't remember the last time you invited me to your house for a cup of coffee, even though my wife is Godmother to your only child.
We've known each other for many years but this is the first time you've ever come to me for counsel or for help. I can't remember the last time you invited me to your house for a cup of coffee, even though my wife is Godmother to your only child. But, let's be frank here. You never wanted my friendship and you were afraid to be in my debt.
We've learned that the balance of nutrients in cow's milk doesn't meet the needs of human infants, that most adult humans on the planet can't digest the milk sugar called lactose, that the best route to calcium balance may not be massive milk intake. These complications help remind us that milk was designed to be a food for the young and rapidly growing calf, not for the young or mature human.
Wealth can be very empty when you don't have someone to share it with. But by the time I realized that, no one would have me except men who wanted my money more than I did.
Wealth is a person's ability to survive so many number of days forward - or, if I stopped working today, how long could I survive?
Webster defines intelligence as, "the ability to apprehend interrelationships of the perceived facts (and situations) in order to appropriately guide actions toward desired goals." In other words, the intelligent person is able to identify a problem and find its optimum solution. Hence, intelligence is effectiveness.
Welcome to Fight Club. The first rule of Fight Club is: you do not talk about Fight Club. The second rule of Fight Club is: you do not talk about Fight Club! Third rule of Fight Club: someone yells "stop!", goes limp, taps out, the fight is over. Fourth rule: only two guys to a fight. Fifth rule: one fight at a time, fellas. Sixth rule: No shirts, no shoes. Seventh rule: fights will go on as long as they have to. And the eighth and final rule: if this is your first time at Fight Club, you have to fight.
Welcome to Havana. Smoking Cubanos with Castro in cabanas. Viva Mexico, Cubano. Dominicano, all the plugs that I know. Driving Benzes, with no benefits. Not bad huh? For some immigrants. Build your fences, we diggin' tunnels. Can't you see? We gettin' money up under you.
Welcome to the room of people who have rooms of people that they loved one day, docked away. Just because we check the guns at the door doesn't mean our brains will change from hand grenades.
Welcome to the world of international intrigue where today's friend becomes tomorrow's foe. Even James Bond, with years of experience, has trouble keeping up with the shifting alliances. You can be sure of one thing only: the spy who loved you may also have a license to kill.
Welcome to Twin Peaks. My name is Margaret Lanterman. I live in Twin Peaks. I am known as the Log Lady. There is a story behind that. There are many stories in Twin Peaks - some of them are sad, some funny. Some of them are stories of madness, of violence. Some are ordinary. Yet they all have about them a sense of mystery - the mystery of life. Sometimes, the mystery of death. The mystery of the woods. The woods surrounding Twin Peaks.
Welcome! You have passed through the first three thresholds of the Isaac Asimov Literary Satellite! Enter the disarm code or enjoy the consequences. Remember, this and all literary works of the last century are the sole property of Isaac Asimov and his many affiliates. Thank you for intruding, you have five seconds.
Well - it's just that you seem to be labouring under the delusion that I am going to - what is the phrase? - come quietly. I am afraid I am not going to come quietly at all, Cornelius. I have absolutely no intention of being sent to Azkaban. I could break out, of course - but what a waste of time, and frankly, I can think of a whole host of things I would rather be doing.
Well all I can say Gerry is that some marches are for things and some are against things, but never has there been a march for absolute nothing. Now is our chance to put that right. Grab your toaster and kettle and discover like me, how great it feels to devote yourself to something truly purposeless. By doing something with absolutely no point to it, we eliminate the possibility of failure, because in a sense the worst it may go then the more it can be considered a success.
Well I don't know how to tell the weight of the sun, and of mathematics well I want none, and I may be the Mayor of Simpleton, but I know one thing and that's I love you.
Well I watch you tangle every weekend. It might start different but it ends up the same. One minute you're casually speaking. The next it all goes up and you pour fuel on the flame with your jerry can of words and tones.
Well I woke in mid-afternoon cause that's when it all hurts the most. I dream I never know anyone at the party and I'm always the host.
Well I woke in mid-afternoon cause that's when it all hurts the most. I dream I never know anyone at the party and I'm always the host. If dreams are like movies, then memories are films about ghosts. You can never escape, you can only move south down the coast.
Well if you think I'm that type of girl, you've got another thing coming, mister. 'Cause I don't do one-night stands, I don't date musicians, and I don't roll over just because you bought in this game. Fair warning - I'll be resisting your every move and enjoying your every mistake. I trust it won't be the first time you made mistakes with the opposite sex.
Well obviously Lionel Tribbey is a brilliant lawyer whom we cannot live without or there would be very little reason not to put him in prison.
Well the years start coming and they don't stop coming. Fed to the rules and I hit the ground running. Didn't make sense not to live for fun. Your brain gets smart but your head gets dumb. So much to do, so much to see. So what's wrong with taking the back streets? You'll never know if you don't go. You'll never shine if you don't glow.
Well then, from out of nowhere, a huge tidal wave lifted me, tossed me like a cork, and I found myself right on top of him - face to face with the blowhole. I could barely see from the waves crashing down upon me, but I knew something was there. So I reached my hand in, felt around, and pulled out the obstruction.
Well this seems to be a waste of my time. That is nine hundred nicker in any shop you're lucky enough to find one in, and you're complaining about two hundred? What school of finance did you study? It's a deal, it's a steal, it's the sale of the beeping century! In fact, beep it Nick, I think I'll keep it!
Well we're living here in Allentown and they're closing all the factories down. Out in Bethlehem they're killing time, filling out forms, standing in line.
Well we're living here in Allentown and they're closing all the factories down. Out in Bethlehem they're killing time, filling out forms, standing in line. Well our fathers fought the Second World War. Spent their weekends on the Jersey Shore. Met our mothers in the USO. Asked them to dance. Danced with them slow.
Well we've never done a day's work in our life and our records sell in zillions. It irrigates my heart with greed to know that you adore me. Up yours, up mine, but up everybody's? That takes time. But we're working on it. Working on it.
Well you know she hates to travel. Besides we decided this was a perfect opportunity to test my theories about marital fidelity. And I'm glad to say that after 10 months of celibacy, I can now pronounce my principles sound.
Well, a scavenger hunt is exactly like a treasure hunt, except in a treasure hunt you try to find something you want, and in a scavenger hunt you try to find something that nobody wants.
Well, birthdays are merely symbolic of how another year's gone by and how little we've grown. No matter how desperate we are that someday a better self will emerge, with each flicker of the candles on the cake we know it's not to be. That for the rest of our sad, wretched, pathetic lives, this is who we are to the bitter end. Inevitably, irrevocably. Happy birthday? No such thing.
Well, by the second morning I was out of food. The third day the light bulb burnt out. Pitch black in there. That's when the rats started coming out. I dozed off and I felt a thing nibbling my finger. I woke up, it was, you know, chewing my finger.
Well, Cuphead and his pal Mugman, they like to roll the dice. By chance they came upon Devil's game and, gosh, they paid the price.
Well, gentlemen, in my opinion, if we send him back to Pendleton or we send him up to Disturbed, it's just one more way of passing on our problems to somebody else. You know we don't like to do that, so I'd like to keep him on the ward. I think we can help him.
Well, gentlemen, the way I see it, if this hot weather continues, it's going to melt the polar caps and the whole wide world. And all the parts that ain't water already will surely be flooded.
Well, here at last, dear friends, on the shores of the Sea comes the end of our fellowship in Middle-earth. Go in peace! I will not say: do not weep; for not all tears are an evil.
Well, hey, I didn't spend all those years playing Dungeons and Dragons and not learn a little something about courage.
Well, I can't recall one time in my life I've felt as lonely as I do tonight. I feel like I could lay down and get up no more. It's the damndest feeling; I never felt it before. Tonight I feel like an old violin soon to be put away and never played again.
Well, I don't really think that the end can be assessed as of itself as being the end because what does the end feel like? It's like saying when you try to extrapolate the end of the universe, you say, if the universe is indeed infinite, then how - what does that mean? How far is all the way, and then if it stops, what's stopping it, and what's behind what's stopping it? So, what's the end, you know, is my question to you.
Well, I got the secret weapon that can lay this little lady right away. Here we go. This country was ruined by Franklin Delano Roosevelt!
Well, I guess the gentlemen are in a pretty tall hurry to get me out of here. The way the evidence has piled up against me, I can't say I blame them much. And I'm quite willing to go, sir, when they vote it that way but before that happens I've got a few things I want to say to this body. I tried to say them once before and I got stopped colder than a mackerel. Well, I'd like to get them said this time, sir. And as a matter of fact I'm not going to leave this body until I do get them said.
Well, I heard my friends really got in a mess so I'm gonna have to leave Yoda, I guess. But I know that I'll be coming back some day. I'll be playing this part till I'm old and gray. The long-term contract that I had to sign says I'll be making these movies till the end of time.
Well, I say yes. There is more money potential in narcotics than anything else we're looking at now.
Well, I used to be an actor but I could never remember my lines, so I thought "just shut up", you know? Don't say nothing. And my father used to say the same thing to me every dinner time, he used to say to me "shut up and eat", so that's what we do and that's the name of the company: "Shut Up and Eat."
Well, I wanna thank y'all for coming out today, and I wanna thank my supporters from the bottom of my heart. Because we have been tested - tested by fire. Our border has been put to the test, and let me tell you: we have failed that test. The aliens, the infiltrators, the outsiders, they come right across by light of day or dark of night. They'll bleed us, they're parasites. They'll bleed us until we as a city, a county, a state, a nation are all bled out. Make no mistake: we are at war. Every time an illegal dances across our border it is an act of aggression against this sovereign state, an overt act of terrorism.
Well, I'd learned one thing in advanced math class. I'd learned I was going to fail. Maybe not today. Maybe not tomorrow - but soon, and for the rest of my life.
Well, I'm afraid I'm still not with you, sir, because, I mean, if a Russian attack was not in progress, then your use of Plan R - in fact, your order to the entire Wing... Oh. I would say, sir, that there were something dreadfully wrong somewhere.
Well, I'm no poet, but I can't be fooled. The lies don't count, the whispers do. I hear the whispers on the wind. They say the earth has fallen due. We run in circles. Our days are numbered. Every night I look away. To the heavens and I pray.
Well, I'm not Superman, that's for sure. And I'm not Batman, or Spiderman, or Aquaman, or a merman, or a wolfman. I'm not a brahman, or common, or ramen. I'm not a caiman either, so you don't really need to worry about anything. My name is Phi. I guess you could say... I am no man.
Well, I'm your Vitameatavegamin girl! Are you tired, run down, listless? Do you pop out at parties? Are you un-poopular? Well, are you?
Well, I've been afraid of changing 'cause I've built my life around you. But time makes you bolder, children get older, and I'm getting older too.
Well, I've been to one world fair, a picnic, and a rodeo, and that's the stupidest thing I ever heard come over a set of earphones. You sure you got today's codes?
Well, I've wrestled with reality for 35 years, Doctor, and I'm happy to state I finally won out over it.
Well, if some people get upset because they feel they have a hold on some things, I'm merely acting as a gentle reminder: here today, gone tomorrow, so don't get attached to things now. With that in mind, I'm not against collecting stuff.
Well, if that's how you feel about it, then that's how you feel about it. Is that how you feel about it?
Well, isn't this great, we've all learned something. Tony can't choose who his sister's gonna fall for, Monica can't choose who she's gonna fall for, and I think that I've learned the greatest lesson of all. I love being lifted.
Well, it just so happens, this hacienda comes with its very own private beach. And this private beach just so happens to look particularly beautiful bathed in moonlight. And there just so happens to be a full moon out tonight.
Well, it's no secret that the best thing about a secret is secretly telling someone your secret, thereby secretly adding another secret to their secret collection of secrets... secretly.
Well, it's one louder, isn't it? It's not ten. You see, most blokes, you know, will be playing at ten. You're on ten here, all the way up, all the way up, all the way up, you're on ten on your guitar. Where can you go from there? Where?
Well, let me tell you something, Caveman. You are here on account of one person. If it wasn't for that person, you wouldn't be here digging holes in the hot sun. You know who that person is?
Well, may I ask what you expected to see out of a Torquay hotel bedroom window? Sydney Opera House, perhaps? The Hanging Gardens of Babylon? Herds of wildebeest sweeping majestically...?
Well, maybe the exposure affected his mind. Nonsensical repetitive behavior is a common trait of mental illness.
Well, Mr. Gardner, I must admit that is one of the most refreshing and optimistic statements I've heard in a very, very long time. I admire your good, solid sense. That's precisely what we lack on Capitol Hill.
Well, my brother has a sword, and I have my mind. A mind needs books like a sword needs a whetstone. That's why I read so much Jon Snow.
Well, now, don't you tell me to smile. You stick around I'll make it worth your while. My number's beyond what you can dial. Maybe it's because we're so versatile. Style, profile, I said. It always brings me back when I hear, "ooh, child!" From the Hudson River out to the Nile. I run the marathon to the very last mile. Well, if you battle me I feel reviled. People always sayin' my style is wild. You've got gall, you've got guile. Step to me. I'm a rap-o-phile. If you want to battle you're in denial. Comin' from Uranus to check my style. Go ahead, put my rhymes on trial. Cast you off into exile.
Well, now, wait a minute, Ethel, look. You get yourself a little black, off-the-shoulder blouse, and a big cushy belt, and little ballet slippers, and you're all set!
Well, on a basic cellular level we're the sum total of all our ancestors' biological matter. But what if more than biological traits get passed down from generation to generation? What if I like sunflower seeds because I'm genetically predisposed to liking them?
Well, our daughter Becky left home for a year and a half and when she came back we barely recognized her.
Well, people don't talk that much in the morning. Look, I'm just delivering a tray, right. If the guest isn't singing, "Oh, What a Beautiful Mornin'," I don't immediately think, "Oh, there's another snuffed it in the night! Another name in the Fawlty Towers Book of Remembrance." I mean, this is supposed to be a hotel, not a Burma railway!
Well, says No-bark, we got a chupacabra with an automatic weapon. And that's when they get real quiet, 'cause now they see the predicament we're in.
Well, son, I'll tell you: Life for me ain't been no crystal stair. It's had tacks in it and splinters, and boards torn up, and places with no carpet on the floor bare. But all the time I'se been a-climbin' on, and reachin' landin's and turnin' corners, and sometimes goin' in the dark where there ain't been no light. So, boy, don't you turn back. Don't you set down on the steps, cause you finds it's kinda hard. Don't you fall now. For I'se still goin', honey, I'se still climbin', and life for me ain't been no crystal stair.
Well, technology is a glittering lure. But there is a rare occasion when the public can be engaged on a level beyond flash - if they have a sentimental bond with the product. My first job, I was in-house at a fur company with this old pro of a copywriter, a Greek, named Teddy. Teddy told me the most important idea in advertising is "new." It creates an itch. You simply put your product in there as a kind of calamine lotion. He also talked about a deeper bond with a product: nostalgia. It's delicate, but potent.
Well, that idea might make a stupid idea feel better about itself.
Well, that was fun, wasn't it dear, the odd moment like that? It's almost worth staying alive for, isn't it? It's nice to share a moment like that, isn't it, dear? It's what marriage is all about. I know - I read it on the back of a matchbox.
Well, that's all the time we had for our movie. We hope you found it entertaining, whimsical and yet relevant, with an underlying revisionist conceit that belied the film's emotional attachments to the subject matter.
Well, that's the heart of our problem isn't it? You don't trust me. You still don't trust me. I may be a ward of the state, and I will do my job for the FBI, but as far as my personal life goes, we are done. We're done.
Well, that's their own stupidity, I should have been there. Well, darkness is the absence of light, and the stupidity in that instance was the absence of me... Catherine, I've got students in my office now. Students. Undergrads. I don't know, from the looks of it, they want to sell me a Brooks Brothers franchise.
Well, the real reason that you've been sent over here is because they wanted you to be evaluated... to determine whether or not you are mentally ill. This is the real reason. Why do you think they might think that?
Well, the Red Cross called out, you know, for blankets, clothes, anything. So Carlson, out of the goodness of his heart, shipped these destitute earthquake victims in Guatemala three thousand blonde stretch wigs. You know, I still have this picture in my mind of quake victims stumbling through the rubble, all looking like Dolly Parton.
Well, the time has come to say, is dehumanization such a bad word? Because good or bad, that's what is so. The whole world is becoming humanoid - creatures that look human but aren't. The whole world, not just us. We're just the most advanced country so we're getting there first. The whole world's people are becoming mass-produced, programmed, numbered, insensate things.
Well, the way they make shows is, they make one show. That show's called a pilot. Then they show that show to the people who make shows, and on the strength of that one show they decide if they're going to make more shows. Some pilots get picked and become television programs. Some don't, become nothing. She starred in one of the ones that became nothing.
Well, the zombies were having fun. The party had just begun. The guests included the Wolfman, Dracula, and his son. The scene was rocking, all were digging the sound. Igor on chains, backed by his baying hounds. The Coffin Bangers were about to arrive with their vocal group, The Crypt-Kicker Five.
Well, things are getting pretty serious right now. I mean, we chat online for, like, two hours every day so I guess you could say things are gettin' pretty serious.
Well, this is the end of a perfect day, near the end of a journey, too. But it leaves a thought that is big and strong, with a wish that is kind and true. For memory has painted this perfect day with colors that never fade, and we find at the end of a perfect day the soul of a friend we've made.
Well, we don't sound like Madonna. Here we are now, we're Nirvana. Sing distinctly? We don't wanna. Buy our album, we're Nirvana. A garage band from Seattle. Well, it sure beats raising cattle. Yeah!
Well, we like our Internet slow, okay? We can turn it on, walk around, dance, make a sandwich. With DSL, there's no dancing, no walking, and we'd starve. It'd be all work and no play. Have you not seen The Shining, Mom?
Well, we used to look up in the sky and wonder at our place in the stars. Now we just look down and worry about our place in the dirt.
Well, when I came home from school my head started to get really hot. So I drank some cold water, but it didn't do nothing. So I laid in the bathtub for a while, but then I realized that it was my hair that was making my head hot. So I went into my kitchen and I shaved it all off. I don't want anyone to see.
Well, when Johnny was first starting out, he was signed to a personal services contract with this big-band leader. And as his career got better and better, he wanted to get out of it. But the band leader wouldn't let him. Now, Johnny is my father's godson. So my father went to see this bandleader and offered him $10,000 to let Johnny go, but the bandleader said no. So the next day, my father went back, only this time with Luca Brasi. Within an hour, he had a signed release for a certified check of $1000.
Well, why waste this on us when you can put it on the Internet and have the whole world ignore it?
Well, yes. Yes, everything's political. Like everything else, the relationship between a man and a woman has a socioeconomic base. Marriage must be founded on mutual beliefs. A common attitude and philosophy towards society...
Well, you and I have different management styles. I believe work should be fun and you try to crush people's spirits. What's next, Michael? Are you going to make dancing illegal? Is this the tiny town from Footloose?
Well, you see, that's another reason I can't help you catch this guy. I might adversely affect the fate of the future. I mean his next victim might be the mother of the daughter whose son invents the time machine. Then the son goes back in time and changes world history and then Columbus never discovers America, man never lands on the moon, the U.S. never invades Grenada. Or something less significant resulting in the fact that my father never meets my mother and consequently I'm never born.
Well, you told me I have a plethora. And I just would like to know if you know what a plethora is. I would not like to think that a person would tell someone he has a plethora, and then find out that that person has no idea what it means to have a plethora.
Well, you've cracked the sky, scrapers fill the air, but will you keep on building higher till there's no more room up there? Will you make us laugh, will you make us cry? Will you tell us when to live, will you tell us when to die?
Well, your hand is programmed over years to write letters a certain way. Try to mimic someone else's, and your style will always creep in. But turn the signature upside down and it becomes nothing more than a drawing. All you have to do is copy the lines. The preconceptions about letters go away and you have a perfect signature.
Wendy, let me explain something to you. Whenever you come in here and interrupt me, you're breaking my concentration. You're distracting me. And it will then take me time to get back to where I was. You understand?
What a fool you are. I'm a god, how can you kill a god? What a grand and intoxicating innocence. How could you be so naive? There is no escape. No recall or intervention can work in this place. Come, lay down your weapons, it is not too late for my mercy.
What a lamentable thing it is that men should blame the gods and regard us as the source of their troubles, when it is their own transgressions which bring them suffering that was not their destiny.
What a tale he's told, what a bitter bowl of war he's drunk to the dregs.
What about Tony? You know, Bullet Tooth Tony. He'll find you Moses in the burning bush, if you pay him to. He got shot six times, had the bullets molded into gold. He's the best chance you got of finding Franky.
What alternative is there to the media's "Us" versus "Them"? The danger is that if it is used to prop up this "righteous" position of "ours" all we will see from now on are ever more exacting and minute analyses of the "dirty" distortions in "their" thinking. Without some flexibility in our definitions we'll remain forever stuck with the same old knee-jerk reactions, or worse, slide into complete apathy.
What an astonishing thing a book is. It's a flat object made from a tree with flexible parts on which are imprinted lots of funny dark squiggles. But one glance at it and you're inside the mind of another person, maybe somebody dead for thousands of years. Across the millennia, an author is speaking clearly and silently inside your head, directly to you. Writing is perhaps the greatest of human inventions, binding together people who never knew each other, citizens of distant epochs. Books break the shackles of time. A book is proof that humans are capable of working magic.
What are we doing here? Why are we fighting like this? I mean, I'm going to steal your guys, you're gonna steal my guys. We'll both wield the heft of our considerable fortunes until each of us have nearly nothing left. Is that really what you want? Me neither. So what do you say we join forces? I'm big enough. Are you, Big Head? Partners?
What began as a conflict over the transfer of consciousness from flesh to machines escalated into a war which has decimated a million worlds. The CORE and the ARM have all but exhausted the resources of a galaxy in their struggle for domination. Both sides now crippled beyond repair, the remnants of their armies continue to battle on ravaged planets, their hatred fueled by over four thousand years of total war. This is a fight to the death. For each side the only acceptable outcome is the complete elimination of the other.
What could there be about a shadow that was so terrible that she knew that there had never been before or ever would be again, anything that would chill her with a fear that was beyond shuddering, beyond crying or screaming, beyond the possibility of comfort?
What difference does it make if it's true? If it's a story and it breaks they're gonna run with it.
What difference does it make? Because in the end, when you lose somebody, every candle, every prayer is not going to make up for the fact that the only thing you have left is a hole in your life where that somebody that you cared about used to be.
What distinguished Ellington from most of his contemporaries was that he set himself the goal of expanding the time frame of the jazz piece, stretching it well beyond the limits of the 78-rpm side and into the realm of the large-scale classical work.
What do I do? System Architecture. Networking and Security. No one in this house can touch me on that. But does anyone appreciate that? While you were busy minoring in gender studies and singing acapella at Sarah Lawrence, I was getting root access to NSA servers. I was a click away from starting a second Iranian revolution. I prevent cross site scripting, I monitor for DDoS attacks, emergency database rollbacks, and faulty transaction handlings. The internet, heard of it? Transfers half a petabyte of data a minute, do you have any idea how that happens?
What do President Clinton, conservative radio personality Rush Limbaugh, and rock star Billy Idol have in common? They've all got electronic mail addresses on computer systems linked to the internet.
What do you care what I think anyway? I don't even count, right? I could disappear forever and it wouldn't make any difference. I might as well not even exist at this school, remember?
What do you do when there is an evil you cannot defeat by just means? Do you stain your hands with evil to destroy evil? Or do you remain steadfastly just and righteous even if it means surrendering to evil?
What do you do with the mad that you feel, when you feel so mad you could bite? When the whole wide world seems oh so wrong and nothing you do seems very right? What do you do? Do you punch a bag, do you pound some clay or some dough? Do you round up friends for a game of tag and see how fast you go?
What drives me out of the apartment to prowl through the city? I wander through the streets alone - not the relaxing stroll of a summer night, but the tense hurry to get - where?
What else do I get with it? - You get a gold-plated Rolls Royce, as long as you pay for it. - Don't know, Tom, seems expensive. - Seems... well this seems to be a waste of my time. That is nine hundred nicker in any shop you're lucky enough to find one in, and you're complaining about two hundred? What school of finance did you study? It's a deal, it's a steal, it's the sale of the beeping century! In fact, beep it Nick, I think I'll keep it!
What else should I be? All apologies. What else could I say? Everyone is gay. What else could I write? I don't have the right. What else should I be? All apologies.
What good are prayers and shrines to a person mad with love? The flame keeps gnawing into her tender marrow hour by hour, and deep in her heart the silent wound lives on.
What good's a reward if you ain't around to use it? Besides, attacking that battle station ain't my idea of courage. It's more like... suicide.
What have I got to do to make you love me? What have I got to do to make you care? What do I do when lightning strikes me and I wake to find that you're not there?
What I am trying to say is the love is ours to make so we should make it.
What I really lived for were those evenings when you were alone, and I pretended you were playing just for me. And though you didn't know it, you were giving me some of the happiest hours of my life.
What I think is if you can't figure out how to have a simple date with a woman who's already agreed to go out with you, then maybe you don't deserve to go out with her in the first place. How's that for advice?
What I want you to be - I don't mean physically but morally, you are very well physically - is a firm fellow, a fine firm fellow, with a will of your own, with resolution. With determination. With strength of character that is not to be influenced except on good reason by anybody, or by anything. That's what I want you to be. That's what your father and your mother might both have been.
What I'm trying to teach him and what he's learning there are two very different things. Park hustlers play tactics, not position. They rely on wild, unpredictable moves meant to intimidate their opponent. Great in a two-minute speed game for drug money, but it'll cost Josh dearly in real games.
What if all of this is a dream, and it isn't even our dream, it's that dog's dream? Maybe we're just existing in his mind and all of a sudden he'll go drink out of the toilet and we'll be gone. What will happen to us if that dog wakes up? It will be over.
What if he shows up with another woman? What if one of my sleeves catches on fire and it spreads rapidly? What if instead of tic tacs I accidentally pop a couple of Ambien and I have to keep punching my leg to stay awake?
What incensed him the most was the blatant jokes of the ones that passed it all off as a jest, pretending to understand everything and in reality not knowing their own minds.
What is finished is the idea that this great country is dedicated to the freedom and flourishing of every individual in it. It's the individual that's finished. It's the single, solitary human being that's finished. It's every single one of you out there that's finished, because this is no longer a nation of independent individuals.
What is honor compared to a woman's love? What is duty against the feel of a newborn son in your arms or the memory of a brother's smile?
What is honor compared to a woman's love? What is duty against the feel of a newborn son in your arms or the memory of a brother's smile? Wind and words. Wind and words.
What is it about owning things? Why do we feel the need to own what we love and why do we become such jerks when we do? We've all been there, you know: we want something; we own it; and by owning it we change it. When you finally win that girl of your dreams, the first thing you do is try to change her. That little thing she does with her hair, the way she wears her clothes, the way she chews her gum. Until eventually, what you like, what you don't like, and what you change all merges into one. Like a watercolor in the rain.
What is my perfect crime? I break into Tiffany's at midnight. Do I go for the vault? No, I go for the chandelier. It's priceless. As I'm taking it down, a woman catches me. She tells me to stop. It's her father's business. She's Tiffany. I say no. We make love all night. In the morning, the cops come and I escape in one of their uniforms. I tell her to meet me in Mexico, but I go to Canada. I don't trust her. Besides, I like the cold. Thirty years later, I get a postcard. I have a son and he's the chief of police. This is where the story gets interesting. I tell Tiffany to meet me in Paris by the Trocadero. She's been waiting for me all these years. She's never taken another lover. I don't care. I don't show up. I go to Berlin. That's where I stashed the chandelier.
What is the answer? In that case, what is the question?
What is the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable?
What is your obsession with this money? My father died when I was thirteen and I inherited this money. You don't think that every day I wake up and wish I could give it back? That I would give it back in a second if I could have one more day with him? But I can't, and that's my life and I deal with it.
What it all comes down to is that everything is going to be quite alright. 'Cause I've got one hand in my pocket and the other one is flicking a cigarette.
What really counted was the possibility of escape, a leap of freedom, out of the implacable ritual, a wild run for it that would give whatever chance for hope there was. Of course, hope meant being cut down on some street corner, as you ran like mad, by a random bullet. But when I really thought it through, nothing was going to allow me such a luxury. Everything was against it; I would just be caught up in the machinery again.
What really knocks me out is a book that, when you're all done reading it, you wish the author that wrote it was a terrific friend of yours and you could call him up on the phone whenever you felt like it. That doesn't happen much, though.
What really knocks me out is a book that, when you're all done reading it, you wish the author that wrote it was a terrific friend of yours and you could call him up on the phone whenever you felt like it. That doesn't happen much, though.
What she done was wrong and she gotta be punished. For the next two weeks, no out after school. No out at all. If you find yourself having fun at something, stop it. And no delicious foods for three weeks. You only gotta eat the terrible foods that are good for you. And then no TV for a week. And the next week, and this is gonna be tougher: educational TV only.
What should have been swift revenge turned into an all out war. The City of God was divided. You couldn't go from one section to the other, not even to visit a relative. The cops considered anyone living in the slum a hoodlum. People got used to living in Vietnam, and more and more volunteers signed up to die.
What the boys from Jiangxi had never even considered was that each of these creatures, destined for the banquet table, had a host of indigenous viruses that it shed by the millions, in feces, blood, sweat, saliva, and tears. Fang Lin and his friends would be in close proximity to microbes imported directly from the rain forests of Southeast Asia and the wild hinterlands of China. None of the men, however, knew what a virus was or what the risks were of a lethal microbe jumping the species barrier. They knew only that they were getting a sweet deal.
What then is time? If no one asks me, I know what it is. If I wish to explain it to him who asks, I do not know.
What torments me is not the humps nor the hollows nor the ugliness. It is the sight, a little bit in all these men, of Mozart murdered.
What was observed by us in the third place is the nature or matter of the Milky Way itself, which, with the aid of the spyglass, may be observed so well that all the disputes that for so many generations have vexed philosophers are destroyed by visible certainty, and we are liberated from wordy arguments.
What was the power that turned the worm into a moth? It was greater than any power the Builders had had, he was sure of that. The power that ran the city of Ember was feeble by comparison.
What we do know is that, as the chemical window closed, another awakening took place; that the human spirit is more powerful than any drug - and that is what needs to be nourished: with work, play, friendship, family. These are the things that matter. This is what we'd forgotten - the simplest things.
What were you thinking, telling me to change my game? This star wasn't going anywhere, it was kaput! Don't you see what I've done with this place, with this whole thing? Don't you see that I've changed the game? No, I am the game! Before I knew where this was going, I would've listened to you. Right now I distance myself from whatever you have to say. I've made this something way bigger than you are ever gonna be. I made it this far, and I'm taking it to the top.
What would you do if you were stuck in one place and every day was exactly the same and nothing that you did mattered?
What would you think if I sang out of tune? Would you stand up and walk out on me? Lend me your ears and I'll sing you a song and I'll try not to sing out of key. Oh I get by with a little help from my friends.
What you do as soon as you get up can underpin and affect your mood for the entire day. Therefore it is important to approach the day gently, without a sense of worry, tension or rush. Also, you need to start off by making sure your body is happy and comfortable, otherwise feel ill all day.
What you don't have you don't need it now. What you don't know you can feel it somehow. What you don't have you don't need it now.
What you gonna do with your man there? You're always gonna have problems lifting a body in one piece. Apparently the best thing to do is cut the corpse up into six pieces and pile it all together. After you got six pieces you gotta get rid of 'em, of course you can't leave it in the deep freeze for your mum to discover, can ya?
What you need to learn, children, is the difference between right and wrong in every area of life. And once you learn the difference, you must always choose the right.
What you say about his company is what you say about society. Catch the witness, catch the wit. Catch the spirit, catch the spit.
What's cool about really little kids is that they don't say stuff to try to hurt your feelings, even though sometimes they do say stuff that hurts your feelings. But they don't actually know what they're saying. Big kids, though: they know what they're saying. And that is definitely not fun for me.
What's in a name? That is what we ask ourselves in childhood when we write the name that we are told is ours.
What's in your eyes 'cause they talk to me. They know how to read my mind. I get this feeling when you're next to me, it's like joy and summertime. I wanna be your favorite song that will only bring you joy. But now that I never see you, I can only wish for more. At the end of the day, I'll, I'll keep writing you. Should I stop by and say hi or just keep riding straight?
What's Joey Zasa got to do with this? Joey Zasa's a pazzo. Joey Zasa. Alright, you are what you are. It's in your nature. From now on you stick close to me. You don't go anywhere, you don't do anything, you don't talk to anyone without checking with me first, understand?
What's the matter with you guys? You all know he's guilty! He's got to burn! You're letting him slip through our fingers!
What's the use you learning to do right when it's troublesome to do right and ain't no trouble to do wrong, and the wages is just the same?
What? A swallow carrying a coconut? It's not a question of where he grips it! It's a simple question of weight ratios! A five ounce bird could not carry a one pound coconut. Listen - in order to maintain air-speed velocity, a swallow needs to beat its wings forty-three times every second, right?
Whatever happened to chivalry? Does it only exist in '80s movies? I want John Cusack holding a boombox outside my window. I wanna ride off on a lawnmower with Patrick Dempsey. I want Jake from "Sixteen Candles" waiting outside the church for me. I want Judd Nelson thrusting his fist into the air because he knows he got me. Just once I want my life to be like an '80s movie, preferably one with a really awesome musical number for no apparent reason. But no, no, John Hughes did not direct my life.
Whatever happened to the values of humanity? Whatever happened to the fairness and equality? Instead of spreading love we're spreading animosity, lack of understanding leading us away from unity. That's the reason why sometimes I'm feeling under, that's the reason why sometimes I'm feeling down.
Whatever you are physically, male or female, strong or weak, ill or healthy, all those things matter less than what your heart contains. If you have the soul of a warrior, you are a warrior. Whatever the color, the shape, the design of the shade that conceals it, the flame inside the lamp remains the same. You are that flame.
Whatever you are physically, male or female, strong or weak, ill or healthy, all those things matter less than what your heart contains. If you have the soul of a warrior, you are a warrior. Whatever the color, the shape, the design of the shade that conceals it, the flame inside the lamp remains the same. You are that flame.
Whatsoever I've feared has come to life. Whatsoever I've fought off became my life. Just when everyday seemed to greet me with a smile, sunspots have faded and now I'm doing time. Now I'm doing time. 'Cause I fell on black days. I fell on black days. Whomsoever I've cured, I've sickened now. And whomsoever I've cradled, I've put you down. I'm a search light soul they say. But I can't see it in the night. I'm only faking when I get it right. When I get it right. 'Cause I fell on black days. I fell on black days.
When a child enters school for the first time he will encounter many things with which he is unfamiliar. The schoolroom desk, some of the tables and cabinets, the blackboards, charts, and other classroom equipment may be entirely novel to him.
When a great office is vacant, either by death or disgrace (which often happens), five or six of those candidates petition the emperor to entertain his majesty and the court with a dance on the rope; and whoever jumps the highest, without falling, succeeds in the office.
When a majority of the people are hungry and cold they will take by force what they need.
When a man walks into a room, he brings his whole life with him. He has a million reasons for being anywhere. Just ask him. If you listen, he'll tell you how he got there, how he forgot where he was going - then he woke up. If you listen, he'll tell you about the time he thought he was an angel and dreamt of being perfect. And then he'll smile, with wisdom, content that he realized the world isn't perfect. We're flawed because we want so much more. We're ruined because we get these things and wish for what we had.
When a man's an empty kettle, he should be on his mettle, and yet I'm torn apart. Just because I'm presumin' that I could be kinda human if I only had a heart.
When adults say, "Teenagers think they are invincible" with that sly, stupid smile on their faces, they don't know how right they are. We need never be hopeless, because we can never be irreparably broken. We think that we are invincible because we are. We cannot be born, and we cannot die. Like all energy, we can only change shapes and sizes and manifestations. They forget that when they get old. They get scared of losing and failing. But that part of us greater than the sum of our parts cannot begin and cannot end, and so it cannot fail.
When analyzing images, constraint propagation works because relevant surface properties change slowly almost everywhere. Surface distance and surface direction can change rapidly at edges, of course, but edge points represent only a relatively small number of the points in an image array.
When beetles fight these battles in a bottle with their paddles and the bottle's on a poodle and the poodle's eating noodles... they call this a muddle puddle tweetle poodle beetle noodle bottle paddle battle.
When Betty and Billy fell asleep, he walked down to the kitchen to see if there was anything around to eat. He managed to open the cupboard door with his nose and found the 25-pound bag of low-fart dog biscuits the vet had prescribed for him, which had made him fart more. Even though he knew they made him fart more, he couldn't resist. He ate the entire bag.
When Bill Gates got married on Lanai, he rented every helicopter on the Hawaiian islands so that paparazzi couldn't use them to fly over. Although in that case, it was a positive, because now you can imagine that wedding however you want.
